Though the product is good Amazon is misleading customer by charging more money my mentioning that laptop has Nvidia 2gb graphics card inbuilt, rather it has basic Intel onboard HD graphic adapter. Very much disappointed.
Dont purchase dell product. I had the worst heat breaking experience with dell services. 
It is a horrible experience
Not working properly from the very first day. Despite my request to replace the item no one has contacted me so far. Its touch pad, brightness function and camera all are not working properly
Worst Laptop. Sound quality and Touchpad are pathetic.
Hardware is very low quality so I want another laptop.
Biggest issue after 20 days of buying this the mother board is gone and now laptop is lying in repair center waiting for replacement mother board.
Build quality is not good, left hand side of the laptop it looks like bottom half is protruding and looks badly finished / cheap.
Track pad and the area where you do left click is really difficult not ergonomically designed so after 10-15 mins it gets irritating. There should have been separation between left click and right click on track pad. its not easy operate.
Battery is not removable with a simple lock. so if something goes wrong and you have to hard reset by removing battery you cant do it on your own.
Start button of the laptop is badly designed. First it took me some time to find it (its on the left hand side and rather than usual top of the keyboard position).
very bad product, not up to mark, sound quality is very bad, design model is very bad.
Laptop is good but problem is that brightness key is not working and very slow work. Overall not better.
Very bad experience with this laptop there are many drawbacks, I'll suggest u not to buy... No WiFi, no Bluetooth, dead on arrival, power on button by the side of keyboard.
Battery will drain fast even laptop is switched off, other feature looks good for given price.
Do not fall prey to this trap. No Ms office and more over no windows itself. So you get a Ubuntu one which you will get it for 23k and rreplacing that is gonna be a mess. Beware guys, even I did not believe the comments and now I am suffering because of the same
Very very slow Laptop. It takes 3 mins for initial boot. After booting, the real pain starts. You can right click on an item or folder sitting at your drawing room, standup and grab a glass of water or a tea from kitchen, come back and settle down and then do the operations. It's very good when you just want to spend your life switching from one window to another.
Not a good laptop to go for. The system is very very slow. The response from the key board is pathetic. When called Dell, they took responsibility of the system hardware and washed off their hands stating that OS or software is not their responsibility. There is a paid service from Dell for OS related issues, and that too they cannot guarantee in resolving the issue. Dell directed me to Microsoft, for OS related issues. Microsoft remotely connected to my system and did some disabling. The system is as it is... no improvement in performance.
This is not a 2016 product... it is an early 2015... and the cost is certainly not 80K which they are showing as discounted to 62K... the market value of this product is much lesser than 80K... The seller informed me that this is a 2016 product hence I bought it.. this is utter disappointment. I upgraded it to Siera... but now I realise... this machine is not strong enough to handle the load... :(
Hi, I purchased a new Mac book air from Amazon. After one month I observed few cracks in charger wire which was really tough to observe. Now my Mac book is not working .
overpriced. its seriously disheartening especially when u are just about to buy a new laptop. Anything below 60K would work for me and i think my expectation is justified as apple themselves have not increased the price.
IT SALES is a cheat! Pls do not buy this product. I bought the product and received the invoice with a serial number different from the serial no. mentioned on the package. The product is a duplicate! Pls buy this product even if for a higher price from Flipkart!
The laptop is good for surfing and battery life. But very expensive to buy and also maintain it later. Apple products are good when it comes to Phones and tablets but do not have the same appeal in a MacBook. Better laptop available than MacBook Air.
All is good except the pricing! Should be less than 62k
I was wrong. This is one of the worst laptops ever produced by hp. Biggest issue is heating. No sooner does the CPU usage exceed 50% the laptop starts to heat up like an oven. Fingerprint scanner is worse than what you get in cheap mobiles and the laptop hangs. I feared that 4 gb RAM would not be sufficient even with an ssd and I was correct.SSDs perform best with an 8 gb RAM. .Battery is pathetic in comparison to other ultra books out there.Stores may decieve you by praising this laptop and you may be misled by sleek looks.B it of you value your money even a little bit, don't buy this laptop. Just don't do it.
Too much heating problem as way of processing is only 1way . And cpu is 1cpu . support only basic software and storage is only 120 gb . Too expensive .
Got defective piece from the seller and no replacement done and no serial no on invoice so hp also refused the replacement. So 50000 down in the gutter.
Display flickering problem frequently and the sound issues. Speakers were found faulty from the first day itself. Sound from the speakers initially from the time of play is normal for 5-6 seconds and gradually decreases automatically to mute.
getting audio error like cracking of sound some times in audio
ASUS has the worst service.please do not buy .my laptop was damaged by technician who had come to replace keyboard as there was issue with backlight. The damage sill exists and is not repaired now i have a laptop which i bought for very high price lying around for my friends to make fun of me. The specs are good BUT THE SERVICE IS VERY BAD AND IF UR LAPTOP FACES ANY ISSUES IT WILL GO UNCHECKED FOR SURE
It is not worth to buy this product.
Very poor performance,booting problem,auto screen off without command ,it was a problem box,it was supplied without quality checks
Just last week I bought a lenovo phone and it's too bad build quality same goes for laptop. Be careful. Better see in real world. Maybe you will be happier for next 30 days but later when you see it's problem you will feel bad. Be careful with lenovo. Quality is too cheap.
Product Quality not good. And very poor performance. Cost is too high and productquality is too low.
Amazon displayed information is different from what actually delivered. Product warranty already were initiated before the purchase itself. Antivirus software which was supposed to be 15 months as advertised before purchase came with trial version. No licence was provided.
"worst laptop ever. " i dont want to rant about this laptop anymore .dont want to waste more energy on this piece of s***. DO NOT BUY THIS. am even quiting amazon. bye bye forever
I am unable to use the laptop as the battery is not getting charged. This is definitely a defective DELL product.
I bought this item before 3 months.This product have so many problems (like battery,restart,slow system n more). Strongly recommended dont buy it.Only configuration is attractive but product is totally useless. My trust is over with Dell.
Not working properly totally defective product i received.
Power off command NOT working. Delay in delivery of product. I have strong doubt , laptop hardware is tampered in- transit.
video display clarity is not good .. looks like dust is surrounded behind scenes ... think other alternatives
The performance of a laptop is not even near to expected , it's like using a laptop of 512 MB RAM. Awful.....unacceptable.
The first piece that I received had only half a screen working. The rest was black. I had to spend one whole day going to an Acer service center,and had to fight with them to give me a DOS certificate so that I can get a replacement from Amazon . Finally got a replacement. Thought the concept of tab cum lap is good this product is really crappy. The quality of screen,sound,keyboard,plastics everything is pathetic . Get a regular netbook or an iPad .stay away from this !
Ordered for a friend. Not worthy. After a month it just got hanged frequently. Then it took couple of tries to get started or took a long time to start. After few months it didn't start at all and the service centre people said the battery is bust and has to be replaced. Worst experience in searching an acer customers service nearby. All those ads in the Web are fake because no customer centers as mentioned in those ads accepted to take this saying that they check only laptops outside the warranty period. Finally contacted the toll free number and found out the only authentic acer service centre. Worst experience with this product. Not worth the money
Dont buy this tab after few months keyboard not working,heating problem , always hange,we buy two tabs same problem in both so select other option
just bought the product today, looks good but the keyboard key does not work. The antivirus is already expired. Let me know the service centres in delhi. Will you provide me with a new one mnth antivirus trial pack
It is meant for light-weight usage only. Not recommended for any heavy softwares. Good for watching movies. That's it. It has couple of problems. After a month of usage, now the device is not switching on in a single try. We have to press the power button a couple of times - deep press one time, normal press next time before it get switched on. The device has become slow now. Overall NOT satisfied with the product.
I bought the product to have standby operation system for general application .
But the Product is not reliable as standby.. neither of battery backup nor on operational front.. Something it doesn't open, we have to put it on charging to regain operational state..
Got delivery of laptop within a day. Its not working. my laptop didn't power on. Even none of the LED blinking to signify whether laptop battery charging or not. Going to return the product. It's really horrible experience from Amazon, which I was not expecting from such respected online store.
Poor Product, Do not Buy it from amazon.in the offers listed down when you purchase the product & the offers given after delivery are totally different. Believe me you cannot trust the content on amazon.in as even amazon.in is not ready to take the responsibility.
Worst Laptop. Sound quality and Touchpad are pathetic.
Worst laptop that i had ever seen...sound quality is extremely poor and mainly the battery back up is worst than nothing, hardly 2 hour running even with deem display.
Laptop is good but problem is that brightness key is not working and very slow work. Overall not better.
Build quality is not good, left hand side of the laptop it looks like bottom half is protruding and looks badly finished / cheap.
Track pad and the area where you do left click is really difficult not ergonomically designed so after 10-15 mins it gets irritating. There should have been separation between left click and right click on track pad. its not easy operate.
Caplock button not working and Mouse is not working.
I'd to look out for drivers from different sources and got most of them. So far its performing well as it is yet to dumped with software and piles of data. Battery backup lasts around 4 hours, sound quality is average. The only thing I found weird is power ON button. You literally have to use all your senses to find it out without looking at manual.
There is no ADP on redemption
Very bad experience with this laptop there are many drawbacks, I'll suggest u not to buy... No WiFi, no Bluetooth, dead on arrival, power on button by the side of keyboard,
The Moto G4 Play is basically the same hardware as the Moto G 2015 in a new design. The build quality is great, although with metal phones becoming standard in this segment, the plastic does come off looking not as premium. The phone itself works flawlessly, but there are too many limitations to justify its cost. The main drawback with this handset is the older hardware, which means you're not going to see a lot of updates. For three years, Motorola has shown that it will roll out updates to its Moto G and even Moto E phones nearly as fast as Google does for its Nexus line. But that won't be the base for the Moto G4 Play. The Snapdragon 410 SoC severely limits its ability to receive updates, as it is already a two-year-old SoC by now. You're much better off buying the Redmi Note 3. The Snapdragon 650 is newer and runs rings around this handset (as well as the costlier Moto G4 Plus), and the build quality is much nicer.
Moto's worst phone ever. Phone automatically gets switches off number of times a day.
SOUND quality pathetic. the speaker is not up to the mark. Lenovo is better. I had bought this phone for my Father and wanted a phone with a good sound so that he does not have problems - but to my surprise the sound is the worst thing in this mobile. Lenovo S! vibe [which i have and bought from Amazon in jan 2016 is much better- to top it Amazon has changed its return policy and is not taking the item back even when i have reported this problem within a few hours of getting it. They have a technical software which you have to download and that will check the phone - Now how can it check whether the sound of the phone is loud enough or not for my father? there is no mention of processor specifications on the phone box [although reviews say it is snapdragon but nowhere is this written or which one is it [ not even in the phone settings] Only quad core is written everywhere.
Worst phone for ever. Lenovo spoiled Motorola mobiles by purchasing the company. Better to go for redmi note3 in this price range. Severe Hanging problem.
So many problems are occuring in the phone......caller ID is not displayed.....call gets cut in between while talking......will replacement be available ?
Wifi is not working properly. It connects to the network but not able to access it. While the my other mobile is able to.
I am facing problem while using the phone. The problem is that I am not able to hear properly counter party voice.
Heating problems occurred and cannot move download items easily .some times app and other folders when open automatically close .hanging problem also occurs when use some app same time phone rings then.gallery folder is not provided .
I have palced this phone and made a payment through card as per the your payments i am entitle to got back 10% amount but till date that amount was not remitted in my account kindly make.a arrangement for return the said amount
Not a good phone. I m facing the problem of dual SIM function, its not working properly and phone is very slow in performance. I can't give more than 2 star. This was my first and last moto phone and i m much disappointed with this
Not charging properly and screen flickering after the purchase of one month.
After just 3 days of working the mic of my moto g4 has stopped working. When i made a request to return or exchange this phone , they're asking me to download an app. The deadline for returNing this phone has arrived ,still the app is not working.
I bought this phone for my relative. Phone never started. Moreover I am just unable to return it using Amazon app. Amazon's service is indeed deteriorating.
Mobile phone is heating continuously mainly during charging , calling and stops usually, most of the time i need to switch it off and restart to use it. Lenovo service centers are worst too as they don't offer any free service during warranty period too.
Before purchase ....if you think about offers then clearly I told you that Amazon not giving you any offers on this product. I have purchase this phone but yet I have not received any offer. Phone is average processor is too old. Camera is satisfactory, sound is too good. This is a average phone on this price.
Looks like a problem with GPS hardware. It is not able to find my location on Google maps. I found another thread where people facing same issues. Even in questions about product above people posted that GPS isn't working
Product was defective and there is no return option. First bad experience with Amazon India
I have overheating issue and audio jack problem. So many return forms submitted. Installed SmartCHK as per Amazon's guidance. No support at all. Worst experience with amazon
Not good for 4G usage. It doesn't support all the 4G bands and voLTE
Dont expect too much from this phone..on 1st day it gives me bad experience, heating problem, back camera is poor as compared to ke novo a6000, front is lovely for selfie due to brightness, no selfie stick support with aux cable, don't buy if u r a camera lover
No battery back up. Just 10 hours in regular usage. Heating up within 10 mnts of usage. No ear phone. No option to upgrade. No 4g standby on both Sims at a time. Width of screen is less compared to other low end models. Very low volume while talking. Loudpeaker ok.keypad is so small.
Phone is good. ..battery backup is good. .But the picture quality of camera is very very bad. . worse than an 8MP. . and I think there is an issue with its software too. .
I got it one month ago. Some serious problems like ear speaker dysfunction, software hang and notifications problem keeps troubling.
It's Hanging and Overheating...Camera is Very Bad...Dn believe it,is 13mp rear & 5mp in front...Its Looking like 5mp at back and 2mp in front...
Poor phone.. Overall not a bad phone except the audio Jack stopped working after 10 days and then mic is broken within 15 days..
Not good Lenovo not give better experience.for using this phone still everything is older and difficult to operate. Useless phone
I get product is old or customer return peace, because ,my Mobile have a handsfree mode,speeker and microphone is not working,i won't to return this item and I won't my money back
Phone heats up quickly if call is received when internet is on. Its another model K5 Plus is better.
This is really damaged piece ,the blades which are connected to battery are already breaked.. ..BT I am unable to replace this piece. ..rly it makes heakache for me...because it becomes automatically switched off..
After using this phone for 10 days, suddenly the finger print sensor has stopped working. It has happened 2 days ago also..i switched off the fne and dn switched on, it started working that day.. But today it is not working at all
Overrated phone,Phone wasn't charging, simultaneously battery was draining pretty fast. Phone also has an overheating issue. All other features seems pretty decent for a phone under 10k.
The phone looks nice and the performance is also good. However the software is not really fully tested. Too many bugs. Really difficult to make calls with IVR options as screen suddenly goes blank. The phone gets hot too, especially at the time of charging. My Phone developed yellow spot on the screen within 2 months of use and I was told by the service center that its because of overheating during charging. Mi Service center are not equipped the handle to inflow of customers. I was told that they will take 20 days to replace the screen and they kept the phone. 20 days have passed but have not yet heard from them and the Service center numbers are always busy so you cannot inquire the status.
Charger and Phone both overheating while charging. Phone heats up when used for hours together. Poor Picture quality with camera. When i tried returning the phone amazon asked me to download an application which when run gave a prompt that there is no issues with phone bit heating issue is still there. I got a prompt from amazon stating that concerned service team will get back fro resolving the issue but no one called me back. Think twice before you buy this mobile.
This phone does not work properly with Smartwatches. Don't know whether it is a problem of the OS/ROM or Bluetooth. It can read data from the watch but will not send any data. So I can't see any notifications on my watch. The watch works perfectly well with my Samsung Galaxy S4 mini (KitKat), so it is not a problem of the watch for sure. I have filed a bug report and used it only for half a day but I have decided to return the device as well. This is because I have currently no way of reading Whatsapp messages without opening the app itself since you can't scroll through messages in the MIUI notification bar. I had a tough time figuring out that you need to use 2 fingers and pull down to read messages from the notification bar. Even then you can read only the last messages. The phone is pretty and did not heat up. Camera is just short of bad and okayish for something which claims to be 16 MP. Also, the pictures look like a box instead of filling the complete screen. The photos shot from my S4 mini (8 MP) filled the whole screen even on this phone. Maybe it has something to do with the high resolution of the camera.
The mobile gets heated on excessive usage of internet & not a good one for 4G internet usage as it gets immediately heated. Cannot hold on in the palms for more than 30 seconds during 4G usage. Battery gets drained within 30 minutes on usage of 3G & 4G internet usage. It's an unsafe mobile.
Dont Buy this product within 10 days of purchase my phone operating multi application at same time without my command. I have requested to return back but the amazon has send an link for application to download and check but that application was not worked properly. Then i have given my Phone to nearby service center Authorized MI Service Center they checked and flashed my phone and returned by saying they kept under observation no issue further. But before that i have requested in MI chat for solution as per their instruction i have formatted my mobile before giving to service. but sill this issue not solved .Once received from service center the same issue continuing till now. Once again i have submitted my phone to Service Center. As per my point i have used only 7 days my phone on hand still my phone is in service center only. Really its a not good support by both MI and Amazon. Its really worstful of purchasing i am suffering a lot.
I received a defective unit. The fingerprint sensor on this phone does not work. I lodged a complaint on the website, no response. I called customer care, he asked me to download Smartcheck app. I did so and ran the app, the app says my issue is not present in the list of issues it can diagnose so I should contact customer care. I contact customer care, this time he says at first I should contact service center. I say, "Why should I? This is amazon fulfilled experience and I am in the 10 day warranty window." He says, "OK you are right let me connect you to the Mobile department." I am put on hole for 20 MINUTES. Then someone from the "mobile department" asks what my issue is (and I tell it for the nth time) and says that a technician will visit to confirm the issue and if confirmed replacement will be done.
On the very third day phone touch screen stopped working and required to reboot by long pressing power key, complained to Amazon and customer care toggled me for 5 days....I think they will drag me up to last day of eligibility for replacing and they will tell me that your replacement eligibility is over.....hope for the best for me
The item heats a lot. I have tried calling MI many times but the number doesn't work. I want to return the item for money back or for a new item. The charging cable got melted. I have attached a pic as a proof of overheating. Unable to talk on the phone after keeping the phone for charging for 20min. Yesterday, a new update was installed and from then, my phone gets unlocked by itself and there is so much of lag. Games get stuck, and even settings menu isn't showing up inthe first time. I have to open it and then close it and then reopen it.
Very poor even Amazon is also very poor for my case. 1st I tried placing a return on 3rd of Oct ( 10th day ) but it was asking me to download one smart connect app. Which was not possible at that point of time. Next day I called Amazon and they are saying it's 11th day. Very horrible service. Today morning touch pad also stopped working for around half an hour. I think i made a mistake buying a Chinese phone (Redmond Note3) and that too from Amazon. Please improve your quality of service with flexible policies.
Hi Every one, i got a defective mobile(p;ay store app is not working) from Amazon . I called up Amazon customer care for replacement they are reluctant to do that and they guided to samsung service center for repair. It is very disgusting to get a new product with problem and amazon is really doing bad in replacement by providing unconditional policies. My question is why we need to visit the customer care when we are paying full amount.? when we visit the customer care for repair it comes under defective product not under original product.I really call this as a cheating in terms of replacment policies given by amazon. I suggest not to pay in advance for this product. please check and then pay 
Touch poor ..ear phone point at bottom not convenient while travelling..many times respond not good
One of the worst mobile ever. Camera is not properly working its like a 2mega pixels. Amazon customer service is like a hell. This is my first and last order from Amazon.
phone hangs while starting. returning it
Battery is very bad.....heating problem
Not working properly very bad product
This phone is a con job by Samsung. Pathetic speed and the processor is slow even for a new phone. Please stay away.
The phone is defective. Google play store is not working. Couldn't sigb in to any of the Google accounts.
YU providing defective products, with lots of problems.
t was delivered to me today and i was shocked when i saw the phone having touch issues in the phone(as mony other users also complainted).. i wasted my 5000 rs and Worst amazon experience saying me to check with smart check app ... how that can recognise the problem in touchscreen? .. so if you're thinking to buy yuphoria at cheap rate thinking of having a nice phone .. just forget it!! no returns on this phone .. Amazon With Green Mobiles
Bad phone. Bad customer service. Battery died after 4 months. They kept the phone for a month and returned it by saying they don't have new battery in Stock.
I bought this phone yuphoria but just after one month i got many problems in the phone , like headfone stopped working, battery not giving backup, giving error that dialer got stopped, heating alot, power button not working properly, and now finally touch stopped working, i complaint to the YU customer care they told me to replace the phone but giving old repaired phone which condition you can check in the attached pics that is broken and pasted by feviquick and back Plastic streaker was repasted means repaired,
I got a used phone having lines in battery, volume and turn off button also loss, 3.5 mm jack output also not working properly.when I open the phone box phone camera not cover with protection its a also sign of phone is already used..
worst phone ever if u want to play games and use 4G then don't buy this phone. 4G modem is too much weak, where other phones have 4 network bars this phone only gets 1 bar or no network and it heats up too much while playing game. I dont recommend.
Its a humble request plz dont buy this product. I am using it from last one month and my experience with this device is not good. I have got a defective handset. Somehow I manage to replace the device with another yuphoria. The phone does't match the desired expectations. First of ol itz a seller fulfilled product so don't expect a return although replacement can be done with some headache. secondly its on android mode not on cynogen one. and the most irritating thing is its battery drains from 100% to 30% within half an hour. It heats like hell. its like more than 50 degrees at the area around the camera. makes it really uncomfortable while calling..
Switch off anytime anywhere, Heating problem with the gadget
After one year usage i am writing this.Simply dont buy HTC mobiles at all.especially this model.Waste of money.No sound quality..no camera quality ...no product quality..Display problem also..after 5 or 6 months display problem will start..You cant see anything.100% waste of money
It hangs a lot. Battery backup is pathetic. Does not receive any android os updates. Useless even after rooting. Poor sound quality (speaker+earphones)
volume is too low for music and alarm, worst mobile I have ever used until now
I am facing the problem with battery ,contacted HTC customer support they don't have walk in center in AP all are collection centers , due to online purchase walk in centers only will give service...
I have purchased the product, but its quietly depressed that the back switch of the said phone does not working from the beginning...may I get it replaced?
Useless product. No proper wifi conectivity. Poor signal capturing. hate it totally. Iam using my old phone again. Amazon team please dont encourage such product. 
I purchased Intex Cloud Cube on 18th Nov and now on the second day, the display has dissappeared and the mobile gets very hot when connected for charging. Also there are very few Intex service stations and they have put old addresses on the net.
Touch not working...worst performance...continuous phone stuck ....can get best phone in this price in other brands ....it can b defective piece
Everything is fine for this price only ram is less, don't buy it.. This phone hang many time...
This mobile is good for this price range, only probe is.. when ever we talk for more time I am feeling like it's going to blast, too much heat from it.
Over-all bad performance if u talk of camera, battery and Ram(very slow)
Issue with the power button and also system is not getting updated.
Please don't by LYF , Because if u need to use dual Sim u can't able to use memory card, if u need to use memory card u want to remove one Sim card, otherwise mobile good
The service of lyf service center is very worst, I am very disappointed by them . i have purchased my lyf wind 4 on 17/08/2016 but i give them phone set for replacing touch but, they have damaged it in all the ways, my phone is even not turning on or is not charging and their are some dents on the screen took by them, and also lyf new smartphones are worst it;s touch damages by just a few amount of force, WHEN I asked him from this kind of damaging they have no answer and they say that their is no more solution for it and handset gets completely damaged. I also want to tell all of you that i have bought this phone @Rs.6700 but at this price their are much more options in all other companies which provide good services . also this phone hangs much more , sometime jio sim is also not working, although we know that lyf phones are best for jio sim , but , after buying their product i sees that this is the most bad or worst or uneven service providing company. I also want to tell that before giving to servicing the some part of touch was not working . but i do big mistake by giving them handset for repairing on date 4/11/2016 but on 5/11/2016 they returned me totally damaged phone.also they have charged me Rs.3300 for touch repairing only now, i want to ask you that in this world which phone priced at Rs.6700 have that kind of expensive touch.........??????? IT CLEARLY PROVES THAT LYF IS TOTALLY BIG WORST EVER COMPANY///////////
Worst mobiles display massage pad is hanging when we r type .
the product is worst and the amazon can loose its trust of his customers. iam felt very sad and i lost my 7000 rs by this and also ask my frnds to not beleive the amazon
I got very much disappointed after getting this Mobile. The Specifications come with this phone is great but the actual working doesn't meet these specs. For ex., Camera is mentioned 13MP but the quality of Picture you get will not look like even OLd VGA Camera.And cannot return the Product also as per the amazon returns policy.
I bought this mobile one month ago and facing a problem of receiver and mic is not working this is embarising
Micromax canvas 4g mobile has low ringing volume den any other mobile
This cell phone display not working please change the same cell phone I can't
The Phone died on 2nd November 2016 in morning. It was a defective piece but my primary concern is with Amazon. I tried multiple (total 7) times on website through multiple computers to log a defective piece request and request return it but it refused to register it. Afterwards I called customer service where customer service executive was clueless and asked me to download an app which would determine if their is problem with phone and then someone will visit and declare whether they (Amazon) will take back phone and replace it. This time I was also updated about policy of no refund (I was disabused but then it is my fault as I was not aware of policy change). After I informed CS executive that I can't download the app as phone is dead he became even more clueless I finally asked to speak to his manager. This guy tried to help but turns out Amazon has such 'sc**w you' policy that after half an hour of alternatively pleading and threatening I could only fathom that I have to visit One Plus service centre to get DOA certificate. My pointed question of taking leave from work as the service center is quite far off from my workplace and any other alternative can be made were met with another 'sc**w you' silence. My requests for speaking to further senior manager in customer service was also denied. Anyways after being defrauded by One Plus for 28K I thought maybe Amazon really wants to just be 'Sone par Suhaga'. Since I had no other choice I took leave, traveled 30 Kms to One Plus service center to get DOA certificate. At center I was informed they would only issue jobsheet, though they informed me that it is generally sufficient to get replacement phone. I decided not to take more chances and called Amazon service center.Then again the 'superb' customer service came to my rescue and refused to accept job sheet as sufficient document. I had had enough and handed phone to One plus representative and comedy of errors continued as there was language problem between CS executive and pne plus representative. Disconnected called again, and after lot of pleasantness for over 20 mins I managed to get Amazon's mighty approval for job sheet being sufficient for replacement phone. Finally came out feeling 'triumphant' on Tuesday evening traveling over 60 kms to-fro in Mumbai after Diwali weekend which became forced leave for me. Amazon representative collected phone on 3rd November in morning, and I have received message that my replacement phone is on way and may reach by 8th Nov. I am not sure how you guys experience will be, but mine has been extremely bitter due to poor customer service of Amazon and that too after being customer of one of the premium products. I think if I had bought something cheaper I would have left it like that and wrote it off.
Yesterday the phone ran out of charge and the dash charger is not charging the phone. Sending the phone to the service center at Nehru Place, Delhi. I am travelling abroad tomorrow and now it is clear that I will have to carry a backup phone because can't take the risk of the main phone misfunctioning and having no recourse. I don't think ever detail in this phone has been sorted out by the manufacturers. Earlier I was ready to give them a chance but now I have to strongly say that I don't recommend this phone at all. Let's see how helpful the service is.
While the spec & feel of the the phone are good....they have serious problems with quality. Within one month of buying the phone, i faced problem of overheating and fast drainage of battery. only after buying the phone did i realise that a number of people have faced the same problemm. Their customer care service in Delhi is poor, even their call center in Delhi does not have the correct telephone numbers of their service providers. while they did eventually repair my phone (at least i hope so), i lost all my data....so if you do buy it....hope for the best!!!
I purchased oneplus3 handset on 23rd Aug and just after month it's wifi and Bluetooth isn't working.i took my handset to service center,they formatted the phone but no use.now they are telling me to keep handset with them and suspecting motherboard issue.Its really depressing to have such problem with new phone.I am not satisfied with this cellphone ....
Received a defective product. The display colors are defective and no one assisting regarding the return. Contacted seller and seller but no resolution given very bad.
Not Happy With The Packaging And Missing Data Cable in My Box.
The product I received is faulty. Mic is not working on speakerphone. Opting for replacement. Spoiled my Diwali.
I was getting problem with front camera and when visited to apple care. They told me that product was not fresh and someone has already played with its hardware. The cost to repair hardware to make camera work is 21000 and it is worst product of Amazon. I am totally unhappy with amazon and suggest you not to buy costly products on amazon.
The mobile gets heated whenever its get connected to 3G mobile net. I bought from Gadget direct seller and I need to know is this the normal problem.
The iPhone received was faulty. Its no good if you offer cheap price but a faulty product.
Worst experience, Purchased IPhone 5s 16 GB and found Microphone is not working.
Ordered this phone just last week, it's a defective piece the device while restarting shows blue screen of death and it's a looping issue it reboots and shows blue screen tried to return the device but could not do so as amazon policy says customer has to provide the apple service center report that they have worked on it and could not fix it then only amazon will replace it . It was a really bad experience I am not going to order any thing from amazon now on .
Its not even 2 month now and the phone is not working.First voice quality was bad from the beginning but i ignored for few days. Later If I turned on the loudspeaker the other side can't hear me and now I can't even turn it on.
Received damaged piece..device corners are rough and uneven...poor voice quality and regular beep sound during call duration..mike does not work sometimes when on speaker..I did not get any email,ticket number of the return/refund..I hope Amazon responds to it's customers.
This phone had heating issues, charger problem, audio issue when on call. I guess amazon is selling deFect products. I had already got rreplacement due to heating issue of the i phonee but repalced order too had so many issues which i mentioned above . So better think once before placing i phone order on amazon.
It is truly said that all the glitters are not gold. Therefore, please don't go by look of any product. please don't buy this Microsoft Lumia 540 (Dual SIM, White) . which i bought two weeks back has shown faulty display. The return/replace policy of Amazon also should be changed from ten days validity to one month for electronic items which they have for other products.
Mobile was very heating up when we r browsing. And use to play games its getting very heat with in 5 min only ,so please solve this problem.
This is a slow working phone, bad phone to purchase, has connectivity issues and gps navigation is very poor, not recommended at all
I was the Android user but I got bord using it so I decided to switch in windows I bought this cell on 4 July its one an half month am using Lumia 540 but am facing heating problem even on calls and while surfing also. Every phone has heating problem that I know but atlest it should not heat up during calling or surfing.. I want my money back. Amazon..
Not a better product too many drawbacks. Heating problem, primary camera is not upto the mark, battery life is low,
Horrible product, it gets heated very fast, do not waster money for this
Size of the screen is too small.. Wanted to return but no option provided by amazon. 
Too expensive!!!
Very expensive. Only people with black money can buy 
Possibly the best android phone out there but way too overpriced. Have no problem with Google introducing a premium phone but they should have atleast continued with the Nexus series for those of us who like the regular security and os updates but have a sensible budget.
well.. honestly i should say that it is colossally overpriced. for a nexus lover, who loves to upgrade to next google device, it is tooooo much to ask for. instead of competing with iphone in terms of price, google should have concentrated more on building up a gradual image of premium flagship device. instead of climbing up step by step they took a sudden leap, which led to steep downfall. no doubt its a wonderful phone, but the price killed it. a 'killer flagship' phone, killed by its price.
my nexus 6p is not working well after updating to andriod N and yesterday something went wrong with my device and its not working .device not even charging and it is in switch off mode for 2 days
No VoLTE support! No proper response for customer queries from Huawei or Google. Seems like not even a single device from Huawei supports VoLTE. When we ask for the reason Jio, Huawei & Google blame each other instead of actually solving the problem.
Double think if you want to use this phone for HD voice / volte calls.... they may not be supported. Basically android phones are build by google for its marketing... unlike apple which builds the phone keeping Users experience in mind the Latest features such as LTE advanced and Volte are not handy to use...( I doubt if it is uspported ..?!) Nexus is a Developers test bench
Had to return it as the battery life is pretty bad on the device.
The Nexus 6p is a delicate phone. Even a fall from one feet will dent its premium aluminium body. Plus its camera protrudes and is prone to shatter after a short fall. Please see online reviews about this problem. Service by Huawei is a dissapointment. No replacement parts are available. I have been coaxed to accept parts of another colour by the service center. Wouldn't want to blow 40000 INR on a phone which cannot be repaired.
Battery back up worst.i suggest don't bought this phone is 70000 but backup is 1960 wt a idiot apple company.this is cheating to customers.
Ugh..So horrible. What a bad mistake I made. No Headphone jack, slow read/write speed of 32 GB variant. Should have gone for Galaxy S7 edge, V20 or something else.
Phone dead in 7 days...overheats, hangs, huge network connectivity issues so much so that you miss important mails and messages, the phone has capacity to doze off any time....such a waste of time and money
The above feedback was after 3 days of use. This is my 8th days with iPhone 7 and guess what, my iPhone 7 doesn't get unlock. Touch id hangs and doesn't respond. passcode doesn't work. I can just watch my home screen and play with live photo screen saver.....Got an appointment with the service center and not sure whats going to happen (fingers crossed). This is my first apple product and my experience sucks. Paying 70K for a phone and this kind of experience make you rethink of all the negative feedbacks i had seen which Amazon deleted purposefully.
Very bad experience, received damaged and defective mobile.
Touch. Not working
Sure, Apple's new iPhone 7 and iPhone7 Plus are amazing. They're fast. They have cool new cameras. They're available in a sleek jet black finish. And they're even water-resistant, so you can play Pokémon GO in the rain. But they're not perfect, so before you shell out $650 or more for a new phone, be sure to consider some of the things that aren't quite perfect about Apple's latest models. No headphone jack. We knew this was coming, but it still comes as something of a shock. The venerable headphone jack is gone. Apple is including both a set of earbuds that work with the iPhone 7's Lightning port, as well as a dongle that will let you connect your existing headphones to the phone, but the company really wants you to switch to wireless headphones, something that was emphasized repeatedly in the iPhone 7 launch event (and if you want to charge your phone while also wearing headphones, that's your only option). Which leads us to... AirPods aren't included. Apple's new wireless earbuds do look awesome. They'll work with Siri. And the Apple Watch. And automatically pair with all of your Apple devices over iCloud. But they're $159, and won't be available until late October. So, be sure not to lose that dongle before then. Dual-lens camera is only available in 7+. Apple boasts that the new dual-lens camera is the best on the market, and with a real zoom lens and the ability to do all sorts of slick depth-of-field tricks, it may indeed smoke all other smartphone cameras. Too bad it's only available in the iPhone 7+. If you opt for the smaller, less expensive iPhone 7, you still get a camera that beats the one in the iPhone 6, thanks to a better lens and image stabilization, but it's not the best on the market, is it? It's going to get all scratched up. Cult of Mac points out that Apple has warned that that new, cool jet black paint job is more susceptible to "fine micro-abrasions" than other colors. Not that it really matters, since... You'll need to buy a new case. Sure, despite a new color, the iPhone 7 looks almost identical to the 6/6s models it replaces. But looks can be deceiving. While the dimensions of the iPhone 7 are indeed nearly identical to those of last year's models, its new cameras mean that the camera cutout on many older cases won't fit right. And instead of a headphone cutout at the bottom, you'll need a case with dual speaker cutouts for the iPhone 7's new stereo speakers. Bottom line: Be prepared to spluge on a new case to go with your new phone. It's not waterproof. You may see references to the iPhone 7 being waterproof, but it's not. Apple refers to it as being "splash, water and dust resistant," and warns that its resistance level could "decrease as a result of normal wear." The company also warns that the phone's warranty doesn't cover liquid damage, so you may want to avoid any temptation to take your new iPhone into the shower with you. It's an iPhone. If you're a fan, that's great. But if you're one of the millions of Android owners out there (and globally, Android's market share is much bigger than that of Apple's iOS), it was just another opportunity to point out how much better your favorite platform is (not that Android phones don't have their share of problems).
I was very excited when I pre-ordered my iPhone 7 but the hype gets over from as soon as you turn on the phone. I've been using the Galaxy S6 edge and the iPhone 7 hype made me to buy it, but as soon as I turned it on the screen turned my mood off, it's really a huge difference down from my 2k dual curved galaxy s6 edge. From then on it kept me disappointing. Just like androids stop holding battery after 2 years and drains too fast, it came out of the box with my iPhone, blame smaller battery or something else but it drains quickly in normal use.. If you'll use your phone it'll swiftly drain battery which is very Disappointing. Another hype was the fusion chip but you can't really take the full potential of it due to poor fast draining battery and poor gaming experience on this screen as compared to dual edge 2k display of my previous phone. Now if it's just about opening apps faster then I didn't feel difference when I compared it with my s6 edge tho you should press the home button on s6 instead of back button as pressing the back button will restart the app and will take less than half second extra.. Apple didn't care about overall experience and I'm pretty sad with this purchase. It has stereo speakers and you can see speaker holes on both sides of lighting port but it shocked me when I didn't find any sound from one side, guess what? The another speaker is embedded in the earpiece.. If you think you'll have loud stereo sound from it then you'll be disappointed again. It has also compromised in headphones sound quality as the output is lower and just 16 not 32 if you know what I mean. I think Apple didn't do much with this smaller version of iPhone 7 but the plus model is insanely heavy so I'll never go for it.. Put it side by side with the year and a half old s6 edge and the latter looks more attractive, iphone should be to change design as it's really boring now after 3 years. Thank god my bro accepted to take it as I'll go for and also recommend to wait for S8 but the iPhone 7 is really a failure.
Very small phone disappointed by the screen don't purchase this phone useless instead of this go for Google pixel. I'm frustrated with the screen size apple is giving
Too expensive. No value for money.
worst phone..better arrange some more money and take a good phone..only good thing is 4g at this rate but in this phone we wont get any good speed.. so nothing in this phone is good
Faulty mobile switch off frequently & battery drain only one hour use
I bought LETV LE 1S mobile 2 weeks back from other retail site. My phone fell from less than 1 ft and its screen got shattered near control keys and after 1 hour control keys stopped working. When I went service centre they simply asked for 5k+ rupees for replacement of screen.Why they write gorilla glass when they provide such cheap scrap glass. I also wrote to LETV , but got no reply. Other issues are like overheating issues, poor battery backup, sometime phone hangs also......
Dont buy le 1s phone will over heating 46℅ will heating phone wiill automatically showdowns internet brosing 20 minutes phone temperature 38℅ then phone normal temperature 30 ℅ phone will chargeing temperature is 45℅
Warrenty not entertained!!! I got le tv with six months brand warrenty,I received phone with non working sim slot , now le tv is neither repairing not changing my phone,
For this features can give upto 12k and may became challenge for redmi note 3. Price is too high.
Gionee is making public fool.. It is a dub of blu vr5 model which is available in u.s market and is priced around 13500 in indian currency. Gionee with its high pRicing strategy are making public fool.
On the first day of purchase the mobile had a wifi and data connection problem. The moment I move from from wifi zone to mobile data or vice versa, it does not automatically switch. The worst is that the phone shows that its connected but I am not able to even connect the wifi router with its ip which means that the phone has a hardware issue. I took the phone to the service centre and they said software installation would fix the issue but the problem was not resolved. When I took the phone again they did not want to believe and said I have problem with my sim or my wifi. But today they accepted that there was an issue. The service centre is trying its best to give me a replacement but I have already visited them 3 times. I hope I get a replaced phone which does not have any issue.
Amigo UI is very bad, Lot of Sub standard applications inbuilt into it and they can't be uninstalled. Accessories are not available in the market.
Definitely not a trusted product and brand. As soon as you buy these devices it would start giving you trouble and if you think you have a warranty then definitely need to think again. Since they take close to 1 month to repair the define, this is because 90% time they don't have spares. Additionally be ready for cheating, I gave my wife phone for repair and without our knowledge these guys added a call forward to a unknown number.
Don't buy this brand.pathetic service.As well as false marketing .It don't even support class 10 sd card .As well as don't support more than 16 GB SD card. Even big price difference between offline and online.Company guys will say online are not covered under warranty.
Color of the phone is very dull than shown on the website.. I am not at all liking it and its not up-to what I expected the color to be. I request AMAZON to please return my money so that I can take some other phone.
It is with great disappointment I write this review here. I recently bought the macbook pro 15' retina display. After few initial checks I found that that laptop was working fine but I received a damaged adaptor. I immediately contacted apple care centre "Imagine" here in kormangala 4th block. After few days I was told that the laptop is original, since its serial number matches the record in apple's database. However, the adaptor is fake and its serial number is not present in Apple's database.I bought it at a price of 178900, on offer against 199,900 MRP, from Viket solutions, Bhiwandi district, Thane. The package looked brand new, but I am highly disappointed with the fact that the adaptor turned out to be fake ! I've initiated for a refund and waiting for amazon to look into this matter.