The build quality of the phone is very good. Its made up of full body space grade aluminium build which makes the phone solid and also light weight. The phone is very sleek at about 7mm thickness but it has a camera bump which I doesn't like.
This phone comes out with a fullHD Amoled Display with very good viewing angles. In this feature it really matches with the high end Samsung devices. The only problem is its resolution. But with naked eye I doesn't even fell the difference.
This phone comes with Snapdragon 820 chipset packed with 6 GB of RAM which does all the multitasking and performance freak usage very easily. But there is a catch in this which I will tell later in this review.
The DASH charging is the best. It charges the full battery from about 5% in just 66 minutes. I have found this better than the quick charge facility available on most of the flagship phones like Samsung Galaxy S7 and Nexus phones which take about 90 to 100 minutes to fully charge the battery. And I am very pleased to tell you that the phone actually remains cool during charging (which is not true in case of quick charging provided in the other flagship phones). This feature is currently available on this phone.
This phone comes with a physical slider button like the one we found generally in the iPhones (We didn't find this type of slider button in any other android devices). This button can be customized. I have set it to bring the phone to 'do not disturb mode' by just sliding this button.
Camera performance of this device is also very good. It has 16 MP primary which has a pretty good advanced options to capture pics and videos. As compared to Xiaomi Mi 5 the picture quality is good but we can't compare this to a Samsung Galaxy S7 camera which is supreme. The camera comes with laser autofocus which enables us to focus very quickly. The camera UI is very good with very fast shutter speed. The front camera is also good but the quality can be improved during low light situations.
Really a FLAGSHIP KILLER with very heavy packed hardware at this price range.
The Oxygen OS is very close to stock android with a lot of customization. In my usage, once the phone gets shutoff while I was on a conference call but except that I find nothing odd. This UI doesn't lag and keep upto 10 apps running in the background while multitasking.
Calling on this phone is good and it is VoLTE supported. I have tried this with Airtel 3G and Jio 4G. Both works great.
Price is the area which makes the phone a flagship killer. The hardwares and features it is giving can be seen only in phones which are double the price of this phone.
Battery life is pretty decent. My phone is always connected to wifi or cellular data, i use social media a lot. I used to get 4.5 - 5 hours of screen on time, which is more than enough for a average user. So full charge in the morning will easily last a day.
This is the first product ever to get 5stars from me on Amazon!! lol.Soo my suggestion to all buyers is to not wait anymore & just buy it already...It's a one-time investment.
Wow is the word. I wanted a smartphone which looks rich and do well in terms of performance. Did lot of research and watched too many videos and finally selected OnePlus 3. I had almost finalized Apple 5s however I am happy that I didnt buy it (I am anyways not a Apple fan post my Apple 4 experience)
Go for it and believe you me, you would not be disappointed.
PERFECT PHONE! In all aspects! I was using iphone til date and wanted to upgrade..bought oneplus 3 after reading reviews..its just amazing..! If u want one strong reason to buy it , its DASH CHARGING! Many others reasons - best fingerprint scanner, battery backup, multitasking with 6gb RAM, premium look,design,camera quality,display all are awesome! And last but not the least its the PRICE !!!! If you want to buy these features in any other smartphone u hav to spend double this amount..OP3 beats even iphone 7 in many aspects! Well if u r just iphone fan nd only ios u need go fr iphone or OP3 IS THE BEST SMARTPHONE IN THE MARKET RIGHT NOW!
seriously guyz if its a genuine oneplus 3 u have it is an awesome phone gr8 display, nyc sound quality with a quality headphones, descent speakers, charging last whole day without any trouble if ur a descent user ,dash charging is quick ,camera quality is good specially if used in manual mode ,hardly smthing to complain abut.....go for it
U cannot hate this phone even if u want to ,it is blazing fast and has beautiful uni body (although case might be necessary for protection) , it doesn't lag while heavy gaming although u may feel a little warm at the back because of the aluminum body but trust me it doesn't overheat( thanks to SOC 820 and 6gb ram) .although camera may not be in the league of iPhone or galaxy s7 but for a mid range phone it won't disappoint you . But the best feature for me sure is the Dash charging , I get about 63%(from 0%) in 30min and the phone is cool in the charging period .64gb is sufficient for a average smartphone user , only complain is that it is so hard to find a curved tempered glass , the new original one that was launched is only available on official OnePlus website and is over rs 1000
The Ultimate phone, without a doubt.
It's value for money beats any other high end phone in the market.Good and easy to fool around with the device and experimenting things by rooting the phone and installing the modules you wish to.Also, Oneplus 3 has a dedicated support on XDA, so any new feature, that comes to Android and Pure Android phones like Nexus, will come to Oneplus within 3 months max [ This is really very fast compared to other brands like Lenovo, Motorola, Samsung, Mi, which take around 6 months to do so ].The thing to consider here is that, even OnePlus One, which was the first device launched by OnePlus, is going to get the Android N update soon, and there are Dev teams working constantly on CyanogenMod and other ROMS on XDA, so OnePlus is a clear GO, without a doubt.
Awesome phone. Been using since three months when my Note 3 conked off one night all of a sudden. The best part is the battery life and with my usage and traveling I'm good to go for one full day (so far). Dash charge works like a dream.The only thing I miss from the Samsung Note is the pre installed office suite/previewer. Had to download office/file viewer etc for OnePlus 3. Also customised ring tones would have been great to have.Overall an Excellent value for money. Have been recommending it to anyone who asks for an opinion on smartphones.
the phone is pretty nice for the price,initially i was going for nexus 6p 64 gb bcoz of bigger battery but since its launch nexus 6p has been for same price i.e 40k in india ..if a company doesnt care about price then why should i cae about that company..so i got this phone for my sister as a diwali gift.she loves the camera ! and she was surprised by dash charge ...she broke her iphone recently and she is new to android eco system and shes very happy with the switch..kudos to amazon for colab'in with one plus. for 28k you cant go wrong with this beast.
Nice mobile... Handling this for two past months no issue in its performance...I use to watch one or two movies a day and using the internet for whole day.. Processor performance is awesome and ultimate thing is charge it stand by for long time and lesser time to make the mobile to complete the charge... Camera performance is good in day light and HD quality mode picture it seems like the DSLR quality we will get but I dawn or night performance is not up to the mark.. Selfie is good...Design and grip is good and user friendly to handle the mobile...Fingerprint works in superfast and convenient option while ride in bike or in travel we place the mobile in pocket it automatically turns in to the pocket mode and avoid the unwanted login in to the mobile...For the cost it worth more than other mobiles
This is one of the best phones in the market today beating samsung and other phones..I have never seen any lag or jitter in any games and no heating issues what so ever...i kept asphalt 8 in memory yesterday and i opened it today and god it started from the position where i left..absolutely love it! No phone charges as fast it does...66℅ in 30 mins to be exact and in 1 hour full charge and dosent heat even if you use while charging or playing games..if you purchase it you will never regret i am sure..love one plus love one plus 3
If You Are A android User and also You want The BEST Hardware Then This One's The best for You.There Are A few Cons Though, Because Nothing In The World Is Perfect, This One Has A 1080P Display.And also Has Some Good Viewing Angles, So you Might Not Face Any Problems With The Display.Inspite It also Have A 16MP Camera Which Can Record Upto 4K SO that Might Be the Biggest Pro.Atleast For Me . The Camera Also Have OIS (Optical Image Stablization) And Also EIS (Electronic Image Stablization).So that might make Your Captured Video Anti-Shake One and also Would Be better While Viewing It.It has A very Fabulous Benchmark Score Of 138000 on An Average.That Might Easily Give You An Idea Of How Good Does It Perform In Day To Day Life Scenario's.and Also How Can You Forget The Dash Charger That You Get With OP3
Best Value for Money phone EVER! Using for two months now and not a single complaint. Very fast thanks to the 6GB of RAM! (Has 64 GB of ROM. Camera, CPU, Graphics all top notch.Does not overheat and the Dash Charging is very quick indeed.Got the MTT back cover on Amazon at a good discount and that is fine as well.The camera is awesome.Front camera is really good.I downloaded many games like asphalt 8 , assasins creed , and nova 3..i played all of them and they are running perfectly fine and i enjoyed a lot palying those games. There was no heating issue during playing those games.Infact i played asphalt 8 for about 1 hour but there was no heating issue with phone.I must say that when i connected my scullcandy headphones.. the sound was pretty awesome..i loved it.The processor is really fast.I talked to some of my friends on whatsapp call even when wi fi singnals were v weak but the voice was crystal clear. Even on voice calls the voice is crystal clear..The net connectivity is v good..i am enjoying surfing 4 G net on my phone like anything.Here comes battery..Battery backup is not so wonderful but it's good .I have used my phone in last 3 days like anything..everytime i am either playing games or surfing net on my phone..but then also it gives a backup of around 12 hours.Dash charging is just awesome. It charges the phone to 100 percent from 20 percent in just 35 minutes.So it's just awesome.
Have been using the phone for over three months now. The experience has been superb... This phone is a great combination of speed, performance, style, finesse and features...while the camera may not be the best smartphone camera (as per reviews) , it has been superb for the kind of use I have, very consistent , and captures a lot of details... No heating issues, dash charging is superb... Battery easily lasts a full day (calls, texts, internet)...
I cannot get my hands off this device even after using this for a month. I was wondering how come people have given 4.4 stars rating. Should have been atleast 4.8 . I have used 2 flagships : Nexus 5 and Xperia Z2 . Nexus 5 runs smoothly even after using it roughly for 3 years. Z2 is good but you don't get the smooth intuitive customizations like that on Nexus devices. Before purchasing OnePlus 3, I was confused if OP3 could provide me that flagship feeling I had while I was Nexus 5. But this appeared to be a tougher guy.Super fluid performance: the processor is so fast. It can easily perform anything that you throw on it.Good Cameras: front camera can produce clear and sharp images, rear camera is quick and takes pretty good images in good lightning conditions. It can capture raw images which can be edited to make good pictures. Manual mode is actually cool if you play around with it. Battery is decent. It lasts a day for me if use it for long durations wherein I watch videos, play music, downloading from internet ,etc, Moreover, you should not worry about the battery because that's where OnePlus puts dash charging into picture. Dash charging is simply mind blowing. I wake up in the morning. I plug in the dash charger to my OP3. After getting ready for my office in about 45 minutes , I pull my Op3 from the charger and the battery percentage days 99 percent most of the time. It's innovative and the best that I have ever seen.Build is premium metal . Looks so sleek and beautiful. Alert slider is useful. I love the optic amoled display. It's bright,has darks blacks and nice color contrast. You would feel as if you are watching Samsung's super amoled displays.There are many customizations and gestures with a stock android experience.I just have pros about this phone. I would not talk about the price as though it is priced lower, no higher end phones like galaxy s7 and iPhone 6s can outperform OP3 in all specs. It's truly a flagship killer.
Purchased this phone a month ago for my wife... And she is going crazy over the performance... awesome display, battery back up, damn good camera, fabulous touch and display... Its a complete phone for you to manage your daily tasks.. either emails or music or clicking pics... it has all the features of a high end phone at half the price.. I am happy and so is my wife after purchasing this phone..
OP3 just blows everything that you throw at it. Gaming is mindblowing , it runs every game without any framedrop.Camera is also good, the sony sensor works fabulous. It captures every detail in a shot. And the 4K video recording, its AWESOME,altough consumes heavy storage but don't worry you have got 64 gig of storage.Fingerprint sensor is really really fast.Battery is average but you have got DASH Charge, really fast charging.
Hey Guys, I bought my new oneplus 3 a week ago and so far its awesome!!! I had a addiction to Samsung mobiles ever since note 1 to Note 4. It took me lot of research and courage to change the brand and try something new. Trust I made a right decision in buying oneplus 3 and it wasn't easy though as I made tons of research online and personal user's on the brand performance. Finally the mobile has kept it's promise. Very fast, stylish, elegant, pocket friendly smartphone ever in current market. I don't think any other brand could compete oneplus in producing a mobile with so many features at Rs.27999.. next to impossible. The same phone with with a Samsung or iPhone would not cost less than 50k for sure. The best part it looks like iPhone 6plus and its sleek design makes you delight. Soft gold looks stunning and I give a 5 Star + 1 moon for it ;) Thank you Amazon for keeping the delivery promises. Kudo's
After waiting for perfect phone for almost 3 years, i bought this phone, and it didn't disappointed me at all, there is nothing to complain about it, for a day to day and not very techie kind of user this one delivers like a beast, u can throw whatever u want at it, still it won't break a sweat, RAM usage never got over 3 gb even when i loaded 16gb of HD high fps games, camera is best in class . There's no phone in market with more value for money than one plus 3. You can buy it blindly
The phone is a beast when it comes to performance. I was pretty sure I wanted one plus 3. What I wasn't sure about was the colour. Glad I went with the white/ gold combination. Looks good, feels premium and gives me solid performance. What more could I ask for. The day light photography is top notch but the low light photography could have been better. The new update fixed the ram management issues. Hardly faced any lags. Overall a very good buy. Still no competition in this price bracket as long as Xiaomi doesn't launch note 2 in India or one plus comes up with a newer version of op3 as rumoured
Great Phone, Used LG G4 Previously Faced Lot of Problems. This phone is super Slim and Even Though it's not QuadHD It Looks Great(AMOLED Technology) phone Does not heat that much. Remains cool under all Times Except Gaming.
One plus 3 comes with an accidental damage warranty of 12 months which again is a good initiative by the company. For this you have to register the device in SERVIFY app within 30 days of purchase. However one friend of mine who had accidentally damaged the screen failed to get covered by warranty citing terms and conditions. Hence kindly go through the TERMS & CONDITIONS properly mentioned in the servify app after registration to get an actual idea regarding the same.
The design of the phone is superb except the camera bump at the back due to which u are worried all the time to not scratch it by accident. For that u have the one plus cases which are good to hide the camera bump. The phone is really slim and feels premium in the hand. U can easily use this phone with single hand as this phone is really slim. But case will definitely take away the slimness of the phone to hide the canera bump.
 I found the 3000 mAh battery, for this dual sim 5.5 inch screen with a beast of a snapdragon 820 processor, not sufficient for the phone to stay for the whole day. I found the battery back up just for the half day. I am a heavy user who keeps checking up his phone with LTE on all the time with lots of third party apps but still I would have preferred a 3500 mAh battery for sure on this phone. But the lack of battery size is easily and superbly compensated by the awesome dash charger. I have never seen a phone charged so fast. It charges the phone from 1 to 60℅ in just half an hour. Yes u heard it right and i am writing the real world figures and not what company has claimed. It takes almost a full hour to completely charge the phone. Till 90 ℅ it charges in only 45 mins after that it takes time to completely charge. Now i never panic if i see a low battery indicater on my phone cause i know that i just need 15 to 30 mins to get enough juice. It has completely cahnge the way I used to charge my phobe for the whole night and used to panic when battery hit the 15℅ mark. But still 3500 battery wud have made a difference.
Don't want to say any thing about that beast because every body says everything about that. My complaint is regarding rgb notification led which is extremely small that its in noticeable. I am user of nexus 4 and 5 both have excellent notification led than one plus I think one plus have to do something regarding this. On the other hand Samsung have very good notification led which looks very good. Rest its beast no complaints
Simply I will say the best phone under 30k and I have used. This phone is a beast in performance. The rear camera shoots gud pics in day light but struggles in low light but front camera is gud, fingerprint scanner is the fastest one I have ever tried. And we can't miss awesome feature dash charging this is awesome. We can't expect any this more from it just buy it
Been using this for about a week now. I'm quite surpised how OnePlus managed this without cutting too many corners. This phone performs and feels like a totl premium device. Extremely snappy in all departments. There's no point repeating everything that's been said about the phone already. Just know that it is a great buy...arguably the best value in a smartphone in many years.
I always Wanted to get a Oneplus phone since its first launch. Which was The One. But I post poned Both Including the 2. Firstly I am a High-end User not a Enthusiast level Geek. I've never Owned any snapdragon device before at all! XD. Yeah I have tried many phones with snapdragons in it.Secondly I am a student,so you can say No one would buy me a phone every now and then in my family '. I Threw off my 4-5 yo Sony Xperia. Kidding XD I didn't threw it,my father took it for repair but he kept it anyways.Before the 3 I was... Considering the HONOR 8 but I went through the review and found no VoLTE?! It was a loot. Ofc. But That phone is all about the dual camera setup. Also I ain't an avid photographer neither a Enthusiast Geek. '. Plus 52GB storage Is quite Enough for me.As I don't Store many things on a phone. So Lets cut to the chase. I ordered My 3 on 18 OCT and got delivered by next day. You won't. Believe I was so excited and happy to see the delivery Guy!! ' Yeah It was but of a hassle for him to get to the address, but he called me anyways. Psssst The Citi Card I used is of someone else '.I just wanted to get the darn Cashback.
It's one of the best/the best phones available in the market so far if you are not a brand conscious.its a brand of its own created by people.people's choice.unlike any company created brands.only a techie would know what I'm talking about.this is one of the best as of now Making it simple for you peeps.Overall looks. Slim.. excellent elegant.stylish.classy.Performance never lagged at all.installed more than 80 apps n games.s peed is grt.Clarity is awesome Camera is very good not bad at all.Technically great.
Great experience of this smartphone. Metallic slim design is very primium. Feeling on hand is the best. Camera is surely great. User experience is the best. The best phone in 30k. Prompt response on all apps. Very Fluent touch feeling. Strongly recommended. No negative side. But, delivery service of Amazon is not the best.
It's an excellent phone. I have been using it for over a month now and i couldn't be happier. The 6GB RAM and Snapdragon 820 ensure that the phone almost never lags. The AMOLED screen is amazing and has the best contrast. The battery life is superb with a single charge giving me more that 7 hours of use with heavy useage like playing Pokemon Go and watching TV episodes on the phone. Only negative point i can think of is that the camera while good, is not as good as the Samsung Galaxy series (which can be ignored since Samsung costs twice as much). But this for is excellent value for money. There is no other phone near it's price point that would be a better investment.
Received the mobile within 2 days of placing order. Everything about the phone is great except the battery life which lasts a day only after moderate to heavy usage. Have to charge in the evening. But the fast dash charging makes it up for it. Will advise to purchase an additional dash charger, if you are heavy user and prefer to use separate charger at office. Ordinary charger won't help.Great device ..have been using for a month now.Got about 2 software updates already. Device feels good in hands. The display quality is good..colors look rich and vibrant, visibility under direct sunlight could have been improved but still nothing to complain about.Battery life is good enough for a days use...dash charging is the highlight of this device, its super fast in charging the phone back. It's a performance powerhouse ..tweak the software a bit and you could get maximum out of it.Camera is slightly overexposed ..the colors look extra vibrant which is not necessary..maybe it's put that way for low light photography..the over exposing will hopefully be fixed in the upcoming updates . Front camera is fine.I used one plus 2 for few months and i can say that the speaker output volume has increased quite a bit ( still not as loud as oneplus 1 though ). And compared to oneplus 2 ..this phone is a lot lighter to hold.Microphone quality too is not bad . But note that the audio feels muted when recording videos.. again this could be fixed with a software update.Overall it's definitely worth the money.I don't know about the after sales support , never been to any of the oneplus authorised service centers before .Feel free to ask any questions ...I will be happy to answer !
I have owned a iphone 5, samsung note 3 and Oneplus One.When I 1st got a oneplus one I was impressed with how well the the oneplus group executed their 1st product. It matched very aspect of a flagship product at an exceptional price point. Hence when they launched oneplus 3 I had to try it. I was looking for a new phone because I wanted a fingerprint scanner and a better battery life. My oneplus one was barely getting me through the day. Oneplus 3 has an amazing fingerprint scanner responds very quickly to the touch. The phone is super fast and the battery life is exceptional. Thanks to the fast charge now I charge my phone 30 mins in morning and 30 mins in the evening. The build quality is amazing the phone is sleek and looks premium. Improvement over camera and display is cherry on top.
Oneplus 3 has a 1080p AMOLED panel with a pixel density of 401ppi. The display is absolutely gorgeous and gets quite bright under direct sunlight. The viewing angles are great and the colours are punchy.Under the settings menu,there is an option to calibrate the color balance as per individual requirement. Display being an AMOLED panel has deeper blacks and also consumes less battery juice since individual pixels are being lit.Switching to the Dark theme saves a lot of battery.Colours are not very accurate in normal mode and this can be rectified by enabling sRGB mode under developer options. Enabling this makes the display colours more accurate but it gives the display a yellow tinge which I don't prefer.p.s:Developer options can be enabled by tapping Build Number repeatedly under About phone under Settings app.
Before oneplus3 i was planning to buy an iphone as i was too bored with Android os and wanted something new, but buying oneplus3 was one of my greatest decisions lately! I always preferred smaller phones which i could operate using my single hand, i opted for oneplus looking at the specs! And this is the best phone in the market till date! I only wished if we had more battery, but thats ok if you carry your dash charger along, battery charges too quickly to crib about! Great phone, must buy!
This is one of the best phones in the market today beating samsung and other phones..I have never seen any lag or jitter in any games and no heating issues what so ever...i kept asphalt 8 in memory yesterday and i opened it today and god it started from the position where i left..absolutely love it! No phone charges as fast it does...66℅ in 30 mins to be exact and in 1 hour full charge and dosent heat even if you use while charging or playing games..if you purchase it you will never regret i am sure..love one plus love one plus 3
A beautiful piece of work from the OnePlus team. Loved the 2 years I got to spend with the OnePllus One. Though a lil' pricier than previious editions this one seems to be right on the buck, Build quality parallels the best in the market. Usability has been good , no lags no crashes. The camera is alright but the video stabilization could be better. Hoping to see that getting better with the updates. Overall you really can't go wrong with this buy. And whoever has bought this DON'T FORGET to activate your 1 YEAR ACCIDENTAL DAMAGE INSURANCE by downloading the OnePlus Care app and uploading relevant documents WITHIN 10 days of purchase or you will lose it. The insurance is absolutely a bonus for me to go ahead and buy this phone, good move OnePlus. Hoping to stay in the family.
Best Android phone u could buy. This phone is super slim and feels quite rich in hands. Using the soft gold version. I still can't feel it in my pocket.( Mini heart attacks when I cant )Battery, screen resolution/quality, camera, body everything is superb. No lag whatsoever. Powerful processor. Loving everything. I have stopped clearing cache, recent apps, and connecting the charging cable twice a day. Go for it. This is better than anything else out there at this price !
After using it for more than a month, I simply can't find a flaw in it. Truly a flagship from Oneplus. The hardware offers much more power than a average user requires. The looks are stunning, finishing is too good. And it charges so fast as compared to other phones, due it's Dash charge feature. It's OS is also good, but not best as compared to miui. It lacks some basic features like selecting multiple messages. But it also offers some unique features. The OS will improve with updates overtime, but the hardware is too much perfect. And the surprising part is, it doesn't heat up at all, be it charging or playing asphalt 8 for an hour.
I loved iPhones and have used all of them after Iphone 5. I Won't waste everybody's time on reading this review. Just buy this phone if you are planning to buy a new phone. Stretch ur budget in case it is less, and just buy this phone. This is the best available phone right now in terms of usability. Don't waste money by buying expensive phones or cheaper phones. Save money in case ur budget is high or stretch the budget in case it is low but buy only this phone. I am sure you won't complain. This review, I am writing after using my one plus 3 phone for over three weeks. No issues so far. I can say that op3 is better than an iphone.
I have been using this phone for 2 months now and i can declare that this is the best flagship phone out there, it doesnt lag, it doesnt get stuck and the screen never freezes. The 6 GB ram and the snapdragon 820 processor are amazing they help the phone run smooth af. The finger print sensor is very fast and accurate. It gets constant updates and has a high chance to get updates for a very long time. The oxygen Os on android and its UI is customizable and is very good. It has a good 5'5'' inch display which can give Full HD Display. The 16 MP back cam gives crystal clear images and it also has a manual mode for photographers to get that just right candid pic. The front 8 MP is a classy one for selfies and can give u pics at a smile. The 3000MHz battery is made to last long but the load on it due to the processor and ram make it last upto 14-15 hours but its dash charge OMG just give it 15 mins ur battery is up to 35%. The only back drop would be a few oxygen bugs and its in-expandable storage but the OS on the whole is a good one and the OP3 has OTG support which covers the storage problem. Hope this review helped -DD :)
Coming to the review of my OP3 this phone really deserves flagship device branding. Because in that price iam getting everything I mean all in parameters such as Optic AMOLED with full HD 1080p excellent display, , super-fast processor, super-fast fingerprint sensor, dash charging, 6 GB Ram / 64 GB internal storage memory, 8 mp / 16 mp high end Sony Exmor IMX camera sensors, 4G dual sim standby with excellent signal reception, premium looks design in half of the price, and I won’t get this kind of features in other premium brands in the market (I don’t want comment on this brands because they are different segment on their own good)
Finally a phone that keeps up with my iPhone 6s. Was superbly disappointed with a few android phones that I had used in the recent past as my secondary phone. This one just makes the andoir experience sonmuch mkre better.Build Quality: really good. Simple and elegant. Yeah, the camera bump does worry me.User Experience: I end up killing apps out of habit and not cause the phone demands it. Storage is ample for my use. Have a few movies saved and still have around 40GB left. Off lately have experienced buggy usage. Phone screen goes off while making a call, but nothing to break your head about.Camera: Good in adequate light conditions. Haven't tried low light.Smart Watch Experience: Syncs well with my Sony Smartwatch3. No issues.And the price just makes it a good buy. Did contemplate the Mi or other phones, but had seen One Plus experience that my friends had and wanted to experience the same.On a side note, waiting for tbe Kindle credit. It has been pending for sometime now. Will follow up with Amazon on that one.
This review after almost one month use. I am a Samsung fan and Note 3 user. I must say this phone blew me away by its performance. It has a premium feel and quality is fantastic. Within a months of purchase Oneplus Oxygen OS released two updates to optomise the phone. Now its running on Oxygen 3.2.6. This shows the amount of attention given to the product by the company. In contrast Samsung used to take months to fix bugs and release updates for their touchwiz. The capacitative home button cum fingerprint reader is fast and this is going to be the future for all phones I guess. RAM management is perfect now and all apps start immediately when switched between one another. Battery life is very good since the phone has only HD display and almost pure android OS consumes less power. Dash charger is lightning fast. The data transfer with Dash cable is also very fast. There is no heating issue with this phone. I would suggest not to install any 3rd part apps which may have bugs and cause heating. Gaming on this phone is smooth and there were no glitches. The phone reception and call quality is better than my Note 3. Wifi, 4G, and bluetooth connectivity is smooth.The speaker output is fantastic and way better than Samsung note 3. Headphone output will just blow your brains out. Its unbelievably awesome. Deep bass, great volume and very clear vocals. The camera is great if not fantastic. Both front and rear cameras do their jobs pretty well and are fast. The two limitations of this phone I would say are no expandable memory (64GB inbuilt is actually adequate) and very little customization and special features compared to Samsung (probably that's the reason why Oneplus 3 is fast). The touchscreen sometimes is oversensitive I feel. This phone is worth every paisa and you can't get a better high end performance phone for this price. If you are planning to buy one go ahead. Ensure you have a local service centre.
It's been nearly 3 weeks now after using Oneplus 3 and defintely u will not regret for buying this beast. Almost every review posted here is genuine.Seriously guys in terms of Hardware Oneplus rocked whereas in software there were some trouble. But guys those are delaying in buying Oneplus 3 because of software change that decision and buy Oneplus 3 rite now. Oneplus Software team has fasten their process and u won't believe approximately once in 8 days there are updates released in community build which keeps on solving all software related issues batch by batch. One thing that defintely changed me is that the way I charge my phone which you will also feel when u buy it. You might have heard fast charging dash charging with in 1 hour. Without using that feature physical u will never understand. Once u use that u will be amazed. Only thing is that Oneplus 3 should be used with a snap on cover which protects camera even though Oneplus states that it has a scratch resistance coating using it with cover is advisable in my opinion.
This phone replaced by old Samsung Galaxy S3 after it had started slowing up with age. It lived to all its expectations. It's a very fast phone, customizable to such an extent that it was easy to operate and get accustomed after having used a Samsung phone for so so long. Its camera is very nice. Loved all the shortcuts and gesture commands. And for a gamer like me, I'm very happy to inform that it has not yet caused any slowness or performance issue while gaming.But the best part I liked is the new Dash Charging where your phone charges 2% every min every time using the Dash Charging adaptor, Had helped many a times when I was hard pressed for time and needed a quick phone batter charge up.I'm still yet to fully explore the phone but I would say this. For anyone who's looking for changing your old phone - OP3 can most definitely be included in your shortlist...Cheers !!
This is one big beauty.The phone is sooo well build that its hard to believe it's just 28k.The unboxing experience was really nice. The first thing that came to my mind when I picked it up was, how did OnePlus make this phone soo rigid at an affordable cost.I'm not going to talk about any specs here since you probably know it's on power with the latest flagships and even more at others(6 GB RAM? Hell!!). The camera outshines my iPhone 6 in photos, but coming to videos the OIS is not so great. But overall a great camara. The display is a 1080p panel and its promising. I really liked OnePlus switching to amoled. The best thing about the phone is the charging speed. It's gets from 0% to 64% in just 30 min.To conclude I'd say this is a full fledged package with very little compromises. Nothing feels cheap here. (Although I'd say this..... That camera hump isn't my cup of tea.....)
Amazon treats prime customers request well. Really glad got my phone within two days. One plus 3 is the best android smart phone right now. More than specifications the phone prove to have best memory management and I have felt the never before experience with this phone since I'm using one plus brand for first time. Worth spending extra money with this great phone than compromising with poorly built smart phone. One plus stick to their moto of never settle. Even though the only cons are 3000mah battery and not having a 2k screen, I personally don't go with 2k resolution in 5.5" screen and battery simply won't drain unless you power use it by playing heavy games. Also, dash charger proves to be a life saver with which you could always roam around with more than 70% charge left in your phone. One plus just slapped every other smart phone right on their face. Waiting for one plus 4 <3.
One Plus 3 os an awesome phone. Great feel, beautiful looks and body, work really fast, greag camera and everything good. But in these days where the companies are focusing on giving for battery backup OnePlus3 should have also given battery the priority, the battery should have been a heavy duty one. But yet the battery backup is decent unless you are using the phone continuously. Else OnePlus3 is a beast of a phone!
Ordered on 17th Nov. Via Amazon. The delivery date was on 23rd Nov. But it reached on 20 Nov. I.e; it reached before time. This impressed me a lot. One plus 3 was delivered to me with Nice packing . The device was absolutely original without any defects. Everything was fine without any problem. Not with even one scratch or dent. Now moving to the device it's the best and the beast among all the smartphones with a price tag of 27,999. I checked the device. RAM and ROM were simply superb. Display was not very bright but I have not faced any problem using it daytime under the sun. Camera back and front too was simply awesome. I have given 5 Stars because of Amazon delivering this device quickly and without any defect in the phone. I will surely prefer without any second thought this device to anyone who is having a budget under 30000 and want great specs that can compete with iPhones.
Along with the obvious processing prowess (SD 820) and high ram (6GB) which borders upon being an overkill, this device is also provides a great experience in every department. Build quality is awesome and it simply looks gorgeous with its slim profile and shining aluminium armour (hate to put it in a case). Screen is bright and while it's not a QHD screen, FHD seems to be more than sufficient as you cannot see the pixels. So, any further resolution will only drain the battery faster, without really adding any value. Also, the screen is an AMOLED one, so blacks are the blackest and contrast is absolutely great. The screen looks pretty even when it's off given it's 2.5D contours.Battery backup is good and easily lasts more than a day with decent usage (Wifi/LTE always on, lots of calling, some gaming and browsing).Camera is good, but it's not in the same league as galaxy S7. But again, can't really complain given it's 18K cheaper than the basic S7 model (more for the edge variant). It does have optical stabilisation and decent low light performance. Still, it's much better than any other camera in its own segment, and pales only in comparison with the top dog, i.e. S7.So, overall a great device, and you cannot go wrong with it, unless you are iObsessed or don't mind burning a hole in your pocket (S7) or yourself (Note 7).
After one month of use, this phone continues to delight me with its premium build everytime I hold it. Battery life lasts almost a day with heavy use. Dash charging gets you back to ~80% in 15-20mins. Display is brilliant and the OnePlus experience continues to evolve for the better.
First and Foremost every one should know that this phone is probably the lightest in the 5.5'' category. it is 34 Grams lighter than i phone 6S Plus. and in lieu of 2 GB RAM you get 6 GB of Beastly RAM. Camera is as good as i Phone. it may lack certain punch in the low light but makes up for it in daylight. It charges 80% in 30 min to 40 Min. The Interface Oxygen OS (Android Marshmallow v6.0.) is pretty smooth. Multiple applications run smoothly. The Build Quality is superb, the moment its in your hand you can feel the premium quality finished Product. Its a Must Buy for anyone looking for a Phone in Android below 30 K but with a premium features and feel. You don't have to sell your wife as for i phone to procure this, its available at half the Price of i Phone. Anyone wanting to do away with snobbish apple Logo. 'Meat is Here'.
Did you ever wonder a mobile if compared to Apple iPhone and Samsung galaxy S7/edge with a 28k price tag?Yes, there is a reason for it in case of Oneplus 3, when compared to performance and built quality. The best among all high spec devices right now.I actually wanted to buy a new mobile around my budget of 12K, but when gone through the reviews of Oneplus 3 over Youtube and else where, I completely fell in love with this phone.
Don't think more just buy it, as mentioned it's flagship killer and it has all the features and performance is extra ordinary. Dash charge which I loves the most.
You won't get such a good phone in 28k. From last two years was using one plus one now upgraded to 3.Request to OPO provide earphones too :)It's worth to buy this trust me.
Camera is quite close to perfect for a phone camera (among cameras without variable focal length lens and dedicated flash) and performs reasonably well even under low light conditions. And having been using Nikon D300 and Panasonic G6 Micro 4/3 cameras, so I sure can tell a good camera when I see one. But don't expect it to do miracles in pitch dark. HDR works quite well. Video quality is also very impressive.
I have been searching for a good mobile more than two weeks. I have gone through all mobile reviews and testing. My search end with OnePlus 3, Trust me this is my best smartphone. 6gb RAM, light weight, 5.5 big screen, good battery life, dash charge and 16mp camera is unbeatable with this price tag. I installed many apps very quickly and browsed long time my mobile was not getting heat. Camera/Photo clarity is ultimate. User experience and features are amazing. I recommend you to buy this phone then you will feel awesome.
Awesomeness packed in an aluminium shell! This is the first smartphone which one would not regret after buying. The CPU, GPU and 6 GB DDR4 RAM does a great job. No lags ever observed in last 15 days of extensive usage. Network reception is awesome. Screen resolution is awesome. UI is awesome, though I would love to have a functionality of directly copying and pasting files from the native Gallery option. Battery life is good and lasts for 24 hours+. Both cameras are just adequate. Connectivity options are great with additional NFC, but an IR blaster would have been an advantage.Overall a best package. If you are planning to invest a huge amount on S7 or Note5, just buy the Oneplus 3 without a second thought and save half of your hard earned money....
Awesome device. I had gone through the negative reviews and found that the glass display was not that strong. But due to the over whelming positive respond, I went for it.Feels premium and on the second day while showing off my device to my sis accidental dropped it maybe from a height of 3 feet face first and finally after sliding a short distance crashed on the wall.My heart was in mouth and I was already having a nightmare of cracked display. But thankfully the device took the drop pretty well and due to the pre installed screen protector the damage to the screen was zero. Ya have a very minor bump on the side which is ignorable.Final verdict the device is awesome and handles everything thrown at it with ease.
The best phone in this range. Great service by Amazon. The delivery guy was all wet when he reached my place, but ensured that it reached me in good condition. Talking about the phone, it has been 2 months now after the purchase and the performance is amazing. It's super sleek and gives the feel of a premium phone. The camera is amazing with lots of options to change the lens settings. The fingerprint touch is very responsive. Overall, it's a great phone to have and any day better than the over hyped 'iPhones'. Get over it hypocrites, save your money and get hold of this sweet baby! :D
Delivered on time as promised and packaging was nice too. 5 star to amazon. Now talk abt Oneplus 3:-Looks - 4 out of 5 just bcz it is very slim and slippery. Otherwise Metallic body gives premium look.Now i have to Purchase its cover too.Performance - 5 out of 5. Very fast and no lagging in any application. Charging is super fast as said by Oneplus. I am not a game lover so one charging last upto the day. Oxygen OS has some good and unnecessary feature. Its dark theme gives it a royal look. I have faced only one problem in its wifi connection. Sometime it looses its connectivity which irritated me.Overall it is a very nice and worthy phone.
Beast of a phone. Not a single point against one plus 3.camera is outstanding, it outperforms any other phone.so much details even after zooming in pictures. Whooping 6 geegs of ram. All apps open before u can even blink ur eye.one pro tip.- turn down all animations by going into developer options,once u turn of all 3 animation tabs, phone goes even faster.it takes u In another level of performance which no other company cud deliver.no lags what so ever.blink of an eye. Oxygen o.s. is butter smooth, so much customization. Wow u will be amazed to c dat u can even choose to have on screen button or no. More to come soon. Der is so much to write .
Amazing Beast..Initially had battery drain issues then disabled few battery hogging apps..managed to get 5 hrs SOT...Although average battery with all apps always running in background is anywhere between 3-4 hrs SOT...just happy with this purchase...Just go for it if your budget is anywhere close to it... Bad delivery experience from Amazon ..the service of amazon is just going on deteriorating..The Box is received was bent from edges...Its just that I had no option than Amazon else I would have prefer other sites..
I'm very much happy that i bought this mobile, its one of the powerful and well made mobile right now, thanks to its snapdragon processor and 6GB ram. Both the primary and secondary camera's are Amazing for thier high quality and sharp images. 3500+ mAh battery would have been very impressive but still the 3000 battery is good enough for a day. DASH charging made my life very convenient and fast, no need to worry about 2+ long hours of battery charge, 30 min charge will give 60% battery. Altogether OnePlus 3 is almost a Perfect phone with those specs and price range, Thanks OnePlus team!
I've been using this phone for about 15 days and the experience has been astounding. Throw any app or game at it and it laughs at them.. seriously I'm yet to see any lag or frame drops. Screen is good no problem in that. And talking about the best feature that I feel about this phone is dash charging..It changes your habit of charging a device . Just plug in for 15 min and you're good to go for another 4-5 hours. The speaker is very nice and loud and audio output is very good. Over all,if you want to spend 30k on a smartphone get this without any doubt.
It's been about a week when i received my One Plus 3 mobile. I have been using it since than and exploring its feature.Earlier I owned a Samsung Note 2 which was o.k but has become too slow to operate now. Before buying One Plus 3I was confused and it was really difficult to decide which mobile to go for. Some had excellent features but there batterylife was not enough. There was some or the other problem. With One Plus 3, I was worried of it being of chinese origin.And at places I read it gets heated up etc etc.So far of my exprience with it, I found it to be a very good phone. There is absolutely no heating up. I felt it the first day while it was charging a little bit. But there after it's been normal. The Display is very cool and clean. Very clear indeed. Processing is very, very fast.It's blazing fast. You touch it and wooooosh it is there.Multiple windows or applications are open but no glitches anywhere.On the User Interface front, it is almost like Apple & Samsung but not exactly same. It's almost 85% like that but slightly different. In a day one gets used to it. I have found no problem anywhere. Camera is sharp and clean. Video is good too.
Coming to the phone, its truly a beast of a mobile and looks damn so premium on hand. Outstanding build quality without any niches or flaws. Optic AMOLED display will make u fall in love with Oneplus 3 at first sight. I was previously using an iPhone 6 plus and this almost beats an iPhone in performance and speed. Screen unlock in blazing fast and its less than 0.2 secs and I'm loving it. Massive 6GB RAM is more than enough and it clocks like a monster while multi tasking. Camera quality is really good in outdoors and HDR mode really gives u some amazing photos.
I wont go much deeper into Spec sheet or features as you've already know by now.After using OnePlus 2 for a year and switching to this masterpiece, I can certainly feel the difference and the efforts that are put into making this device.No other smartphone in the market can match the quality of software and hardware of this device.Thank you OnePlus for bringing such an excellent device at a price where we cannot argue more. Other smartphones which cost twice as much doesn't even come close to this masterpiece (Watch YouTube comparison videos).Fully satisfied as I was with my previous OnePlus 2.Hopefully, OnePlus will be my only brand in future smartphone upgrades
Loving the phone after 1 week of use. Its buttery smooth when operating and the battery life is good enough to hold for a day with average usage - 1-2 hr gaming and few hours of browsing with phone calls in between. The Dash charging was good, able to go from 0%-100% in 1hr10m.The fingerprint sensor's the best with authentication time of fraction of a second. There are very few false positives for recognition in between.The Camera holds good both in daylight and night time condition, pictures look crisp and amazing.
I am using it since 29th July and its amazing. Superb built quality, superb performance, even battery backup is also very good being just 3000mah.Charging is also quick exactly 63% charge in 30 mnts while keeping it on, hopefully will be more quicker while keeping device off(didnt try).playing heavy games for hrs but no heating problems.5/5
Generally I do not write reviews, but this phone made me do so. It is an actual master piece. I have used HTC, Samsung and motorola and will say this is the best of ever used experience. I am not going to tell you spec wise pros and cons. Just to say if you are thinking of buying a dual sim android phone, please do not search more. This is by far the best phone in my opinion. It is a truly smart device with killer look although pocket easy. Other than apple if you are thinking others , please use the phone.
Its been a great experience so far .It feels awesome to hold this phone and people do look back at the phone and ask what phone is it. I am happy with the product performance, is "awesome"!!! so far battery life okay so far dash charging really works fine camera is good sound is good with and without headset.....""!!!! so go for it less price too much of quality in that price is a good deal. I hope it works just like it has been working since 15 days. Good product 1 plus team we want more.
No words Simply AWESOME!!!! If you're planning to buy a average mobile with all specifications featured in mollies above of 50K... Then this is the exact one which you're looking for.... Jus within 30k you'll get all features avail in S7 and other costly mobiles. Easy to use but the handling should be careful.. However if everything goes well.. No prob's you won't wish to buy any other phones for next 2 yrs... TRULY THIS DESERVES IT...!!! Happy in Joining with 1+team.. :) Awaiting for your future launch...
Hey People, I had a few doubts before buying this mobile but now am glad I bought it.Flagship killer I don't think so...This is a Flagship MURDERER..Hell it completely destroys all the other phones when it comes to performance..I mean S7 doesn't stand a chance when it's up against OnePlus 3's Camera or performance.But I do agree S7 wins by the EDGE when it comes to design though.But seriously dude u wanna buy a badass mobile without spending a whole lotta money then buddy get yourself an Oneplus 3
It's not a budget smartphone, its a flagship! And to get a flagship smartphone in this price is way to good a deal to believe. But, it's true. U get everything in it! A total package! Camera, performance, build quality, battery and pure Android feel with subtle tweaks to make the user experience more awesome!I would recommend everyone to buy this mobile phone. In this era where Smart phone are getting better and also expensive, this is the best of them. No compromise, and yet affordable.
You get what you wanted...... everything is great snapdragon 820 quad core chip.....adreno 530 GPU.....6 GB RAM.....64 GB internal storage......otg support upto 1 TB(tested)...... display is not so bad as they discuss in review videos, you can't even tell any bad points about display except in paper......camera has average performance in low light situations(not gonna do any photography with this thing are you??😉)....better than any other phones in above it's price range.
Awesome phone from OnePlus, at a price of 28k there is no better phone than this. Slim, light, premium finish, metal unibody design, superb camera, dash charge, 6GB RAM, and so on make this phone an ultimate steal.. I was awestruck with OnePlus one, disappointed with OnePlus two, but fell in love again with OnePlus three. If u r thinking about it, just go for it. You won't be disappointed. Thanks OnePlus and thanks to Amazon for their always prompt service.
After getting rave reviews for the handset, I purchased one plus 3 through Amazon. This flagship is a killer. There is literally no fault in this phone.20 days after buying this handset , I accidentally dropped the phone and the screen was damaged. One plus 3 provides free physical damage protection through servify. I got the damage covered by them. Also the service provided by servify was top notch. Overall it's a bloody gud phone to buy at 28k.
I've been using this phone for 2 weeks now and I have to say that the one plus 3 is the most satisfying purchase I have made this year! Maybe even more. It's a lovely phone. Great build. A little slippery on the hands but a nice cover would take care of that. Not many options for cases in the market rn.The battery could've been better I feel but the dash charge feature is a blblessg! In the past 14 days the phones battery has died only once and that too because I was out playing Pokémon Go for 4 hours at a stretch and my op3 was at about 60-65%. But I came back home and in 20 minutes I was up to 40% charge. I was pleasantly surprised by that.More power to one plus for this amazing phone.Good job guys!
Excellent product, though it is priced a little higher. I have been using it for a week, so far its great. The OS is smooth and I haven't encountered any bug whatsoever, the display is excellent and it comes with a pre-applied scratch guard. The finger print reader is very quick and accurate. The camera is good and performs well in low light conditions. Charging is quite fast as advertised with little heating of the device. Battery management is good and it lasts for at least a day with normal use. Some might not like the fact that the internal memory is non-expandable but 56 GB of available storage should be more than enough. Overall, a complete device.
Excellent product, though it is priced a little higher. I have been using it for a week, so far its great. The OS is smooth and I haven't encountered any bug whatsoever, the display is excellent and it comes with a pre-applied scratch guard. The finger print reader is very quick and accurate. The camera is good and performs well in low light conditions. Charging is quite fast as advertised with little heating of the device. Battery management is good and it lasts for at least a day with normal use. Some might not like the fact that the internal memory is non-expandable but 56 GB of available storage should be more than enough. Overall, a complete device.
Amazon app not allowing me to give 4 and a half stars. Maybe their is no point to it. 😁I got INR 500 credited into my kindle account. This did not happen after installing the Kindle app. But the customer care of Amazon were very kind and helped me out there after i sent them an email. So, if you don't get the 500 credited write to them. They are very helpful.Packaging was great. I was drooling like a toothless baby.Phone i am happy with. Camera not very happy. If you zoom into the pics, it gets too noisy. The sensor size is 1/2.8". I hope you don't buy it expecting a bokeh and nice depth of fields etc etc. I guess i am smitten with DSLR. My bad.Performance is great. Plenty of open apps. Yet no lag. Responsiveness is blazing fast. 6 GB of RAM on a phone, hell my personal laptop has only 2 GB! Sometimes the phone asks for the pin inspite of setting up the fingerprints (max 5 fingerprints can be setup) . Too many attempts it says. Realize that the pocket of my jeans might be trying to unlock the phone. Sad. How can my jeans make a call? Fingerprint scanner wants the fingers at a specific angle. It is not that i put it upside down... It is just at a 15-20 degrees of angle. Lazy i m. Don't want to twist my hand too much while the phone rests on the table. Best way is to unlock using the other hand. If phone is on left then drop the cup of coffee and touch the scanner using the right hand's index finger. That will work like a charm. I can live with that.I use the hardware back and open apps button (these two sandwich the fingerprint scanner) . I configured the long press of one to lock my phone.I am not using the alert slider. Surely, somebody else will find it useful.The default screen-guard is a little smaller in the perimeter. But has not developed any bubbles yet.Battery life not that satisfactory. Sometimes need to charge it twice a day. This without heavy usage. Half an hour 8% to 100% . We like cribbing. The more we get, the more we want. But the point is that you can use it heavily and charge it quickly. Make sure you get a regular electricity supply. If you are traveling to a remote area, carry the charge once - lasts a week type of phone. If your train journey is 40 hours then go by flight, else the phone may power off.Keyboard is great. Review typed on the swiftkey keyboard that comes pre-installed.
Amazon delivery was super fast. Phone was out of stock during buying and the next batch was scheduled to come on 4th July. Got the phone on 4th itself :)Been using it for a month and a half and haven't noticed a single lag or stutter. It easily smokes up the doubly priced flagships. Camera is extremely good, even in lowlights and so are the speakers. The built is top notch and the slim n sleek design exudes quality. It looks even more appealing with oneplus carbon case. Strongly recommend it to potential buyers.
Amazing product. Thank God I didn't face any major heating issues yet. I recently even rooted the phone coz it doesn't void the warranty which is so cool. I did downgrade from Note 5 64 GB duos to this but don't miss much except the Quad HD display, S-Pen and touch viz exp. I feel the front facing cam is better on this than the one on Note 5. Rear cam is debatable. Battery is superb. Totally happy. Dash charging is awesome. Solid bulid. Looks great but they should give more colours like black also. It would crazy in black full Metal finish.
So far so good. The HUGE ram makes sure it never hangs like the motog series (was using motoG2 which started hanging after one year of use). No heating issue. Battery drains, but same is the issue with all android phones. Will last for a day with normal usage. Dash charging works like magic. No need to carry a porrtable charger. 10 min of charge, and you are good to go. Initially thought 28k is a bit too much, but now I'm know it's going to last for at least 3 yrs with me. So no qualms. Go for it.
The build quality of the phone is very good. Its made up of full body space grade aluminium build which makes the phone solid and also light weight. The phone is very sleek at about 7mm thickness but it has a camera bump which I doesn't like.This phone comes out with a fullHD Amoled Display with very good viewing angles. In this feature it really matches with the high end Samsung devices. The only problem is its resolution. But with naked eye I doesn't even fell the difference.This phone comes with Snapdragon 820 chipset packed with 6 GB of RAM which does all the multitasking and performance freak usage very easily. But there is a catch in this which I will tell later in this review.The DASH charging is the best. It charges the full battery from about 5% in just 66 minutes.
If You Are A android User and also You want The BEST Hardware Then This One's The best for You.There Are A few Cons Though, Because Nothing In The World Is Perfect, This One Has A 1080P Display And also Has Some Good Viewing Angles, So you Might Not Face Any Problems With The Display Inspite It also Have A 16MP Camera Which Can Record Upto 4K SO that Might Be the Biggest ProAtleast For Me . The Camera Also Have OIS (Optical Image Stablization) And Also EIS (Electronic Image Stablization).So that might make Your Captured Video Anti-Shake One and also Would Be better While Viewing It.It has A very Fabulous Benchmark Score Of 138000 on An AverageThat Might Easily Give You An Idea Of How Good Does It Perform In Day To Day Life Scenario'sand Also How Can You Forget The Dash Charger That You Get With OP3.Secondly The 6GB RAM That It Is Having Is Never Full Utillised (Actually U MIght Not Bother About It)That's It For The Review There Is Quite A lot to be said But Actually The Point is This Device Is The Best That Android Has To Offer Though It Even Surpassed Pixel XL.
I booked this phone during the sale and I think it wasn't really a good time due to the surge. Even though promised a one day delivery, this order was delayed by over 3 days. But kudos to the way Amazon handled it. They offered a voucher to make up for the delay and it was a very generous gesture.Coming to the phone, enough has been said here and on YouTube and other media how amazing the phone is. It is all true. The phone is really good. Many complained about the color temperatures and saturation etc., but I found it to be pretty amazing. I do love the quad HD display of Note 4 and having that on this device would have taken it to an altogether different level. But full HD is equally good. You won't notice the difference in day to day use unless you are a gamer and watch movies on your phone a lot.One bug I face is the switching between wi-fi and cellular data. If both are turned off and you try to just turn on cellular data, it just does not. A restart is the only option to get cellular data to work. It does really bother to be doing this on a phone which costs 28k to be honest. I hope there is already a fix coming for this.I did not find the sound drivers to be that great either. The sound quality I get with my Audio Technica headset from my old S4 and this phone just cannot be compared. The S4 still sounds better with the same equalizer setting.Overal, a great phone, insanely fast. Dash charge is the best feature on this phone and I don't think anyone who owns one will disagree. The battery backup is good too. Easily lasts a day and more with regular usage (my use does not include any games or background heavy apps like FB)
One of the best looking phone with a gorgeous display. Weight, feel and balance is great.The front and back looks are awesome and you would want to hold it for long time like something precious as gold biscuit.Performance is blitzkrieg with that CPU and RAM power, (making it futureproof in terms of hardware atleast).
The One plus 3 is one of the best phones that you can buy in the price. It has many features that make it the complete deal when you buy a smart phone at a cheap price.It has a great camera, amazing speed, bright display, high quality speakers and 6 freaking gbs of ram which is enough for anything which you throw at it.This is one of the many phone s that I have used there isn't anything wrong with this phone which makes this phone perfect for use but also boring at the same time as we expect phones to have something special in them which makes them differ from others.Whatever said and done I have been using this phone for about 5 months and till know I haven't had any problems with it as every thing is perfectHowever, there are some things that would have made this phone better. Such as more battery life. One of the drawbacks are the late android N update to Oxygen OS it was really disappointing to not see an update even when most of the manufacturers have android 7.0 up and running.
The OnePlus 3 is a phone made to compete with the flagship phones from Samsung, HTC and LG. The Android Marshmallow powered device runs Oxygen OS bloatware by OnePlus that is otherwise very non-intruding to the Android phone experience. Some interesting customisation options include a 'dark mode' which changes the colour of the menus to dark shades, custom LED notification light colours for different functions, and button customisation controls.At Rs 27,999 this is the most expensive OnePlus device to ever come to India.The company has let go of its unique sandstone finish on the OnePlus 3 and used a unibody metal design instead. The phone's design elements look derived from the HTC and iPhone but if you look close enough it has its distinct OnePlus design lines. For sandstone finish lovers OnePlus also give you an option to buy five optional plastic cases that you can buy along with different looks and finishes: Karbon, Bamboo, Apricot, Rosewood and Sandstone.The OnePlus 3 retains the notification setting physical button on the left side of the phone that helps you control all or priority notifications.Another cool thing about the OnePlus 3 is that now you don’t need the invite system to buy one. The fingerprint sensor on the OnePlus 3 now works way better than on the OnePlus 2. It is way more responsive and the accuracy rate has also improved.The OnePlus 3 is a dual-SIM smartphone, that many fancy in India, and comes with on-board storage of 64 GB. The phone runs on the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC that’s clocked at 2.2 GHz for two cores and 1.6 GHz for the other two cores. All this is backed by 6 GB of LPDDR4 RAM. That’s all the firepower you’ll ever need on a phone at least in the year 2016 with apps and games getting more power hungry.In our usage the phone did get warm, but a metal body along with a powerful chipset is a cocktail for heating. The device does not overheat though and performs every task with ease. The gaming performance on the OnePlus 3 is also great, considering the phone is priced under Rs 30,000.The device has 4G connectivity with support for both FDD-Band 3 and TDD-Band 40 that are widely used in India. You also get WiFi a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2, and NFC on the OnePlus 3.OnePlus has reduced the battery size on the OnePlus 3 to 3000 mAh as compared to the 3300 mAh battery seen on the OnePlus 2. Nonetheless, the phone lasts easily a day and a half. The phone comes with fast charging too on the USB Type-C and can charge from 0-60% in just 30 minutes.The camera on the OnePlus 3 is a huge improvement over the previous generation. The 16-megapixel Sony IMX 298 sensor primary camera delivers a good picture quality and features optical image stabilisation, phase detection autofocus and RAW image format support. You can also shoot 4K videos and slow motion at 120 fps. This is pretty much the standard on flagship phones these days.The image quality is better than what you might find on the Motorola Moto X and Moto X Style which is in the same price bracket as the OnePlus 3. For selfie lovers the 8-megapixel sensor with 1.4-micron pixels does the job with ease and it can also shoot videos at 1080p @ 30fps.The Google camera app on the OnePlus 3 is a bit of a downer as it gives you only standard options to shoot videos.
Everything in this phone is just Perfect if you have a stable budget then go for 1+3 , You won't find the phone lagging or NOT meeting your expectations ,from the Daily usage I came to notice that there is NO RAM issue as people complained (I think it's resolved in an update patch) . The Battery is Awesome I mean like how could you forget about the dash charger it's like you kept it for 10-20 mins and then boom (no it won't blast it's Not as Hot as the 'Note' 😂 ) yeah it will definitely charge atleast 60% of the device that's what I've experienced, but I did encounter some warmness behind the phone while 4k Recording and some hardcore gaming but that's not an issue of the phone .
I love it... Though I am not a fan of Android but using this phone has changed my thinking about it. I am enjoying every bit of it. It's a great combination of power and looks, "Beauty with brain". Talking about brains Snapdragon 820 is the leader right now until something new comes out. +6GB of memory woho... you never ever have to close any application. Battery life is great easily lives up to a day. And the mind blowing dash charge, one hour and your phone is ready for the day. Oxygen OS is good, Its fast and no fuzzy stuff added by One plus. Just the necessary things. It's stock android + good tweaks. Screen is awesome... Love the Amoled display, sharp picture quality and deep colors what else you want from a phone. Coming to one of the fastest finger print scanner is there to unlock you phone just in time without fail. Camera is great I tried both night and day shots and it does take very decent pictures I also own a DSLR so I can say not bad Oneplus. Overall I can say this phone in NO WAY can disappoint you.I think I covered major things about this awesome phone however if I missed anything or anything you would like to know about this phone do let me know I will add it to my review. Thanks for reading this.
I think this is flagship killer phone of 2016..but i am not liking one thing that is its earphones audio output.. I am very frustrated about this but no one other option to accept this compromise..so settle a little bit with its earphones audio output.. Not truly #NEVER SETTLE..u have to compromise with this only thing.. Camera is good but not good in low light.. Also its takes more time to lock object because it lacks laser autofocus.. But overall ok last but not list is after one month of usage i saw first time my phone was lagged in multitasking-asphalt 8 was reopened in swtching between only 4-5 apps... do not worry It will may be fix in next update.. I got antutu score above 128000 max.. Performance is main highlight of this phone truly beast.. It does not heat on maximum performance keep in mind friends.. DASH CHARGING -what a great idea of Oneplus team hats off..!! 
Got it delivered within 48 hours from Chennai to Kolkata. 10 on 10 for that. Now about the phone. I have test driven iPhone 7 ,Galaxy s7 and iPhone SE,Google pixel in last couple of weeks before opting for this phone. Let me tell you this,almost of all of them surpass OnePlus 3 except for Iphone SE. But the thing is the differences are so miniscule that they really don't seem worth the pricetags. Hence I opted for this one. I didn't want opt for slightly better display and cough out 16 K for a device which does basically everything same (Galaxy S 7), or a 1.3x faster device which costs 70K and doesn't have Bluetooth or headphone jacks (iPhone 7) and a device which has the latest Android which is I am going to get in January eventually. (pixel). This is the best phone u will find in the 50K price range. Also it comes with 12 month free accidental damages and some cool data offers. I have been using this for 7 days now and did not face any issues now and I have a very heavy user.
Its been a great product delivered much before time and in picture perfect condition. I settled on buying Oneplus3 after quite a bit of research looking for a high feature rich phone with a beautiful build, great performance and still quite economical as compared to flagship mobiles from big brands such as Apple, Samusung, LG etc. The best thing is DASHCHARGE, it really works amazingly. You can charge like 4% to 50-55% in almost half an hour or less and 50% lasts for more than a day. So you never get short of power. I just love its dash charging. Its even better than GALAXIES AND IPHONES. Camera clicks beautiful photos, both front and rear. Low light photography is also great. With a 6GB of RAM, I never found the phone to hang, ever. Screen quality A+, Sound quality A+, Speed A+, Internet Browsing Speed A+ (JIO TV works far better in Oneplus3 than in iphone and HTC), Storage 64 GB A+, Camera A+.
This is a phone you can't go wrong with. It has the headphone jack, won't explode in your face, will always work smoothly and still stay within your price range for the set of specs it has. With 6GB of RAM and Snapdragon 820 its going to last well into the future. OxygenOS is one of the better ROMs as far as keeping a balance goes between stock android and any added sophistication. The camera is also pretty cool and has got features like Time Lapse and Slow-Motion Video. The AMOLED screen is a delight to look at, one can see the level of black and contrast in images.The device is pretty light for its size and also a looker as you can see in the attached pics. The bundled dash-charger does what it says and charges the thing pretty quickly so you are not left in a low battery situation all the time. All in all this is money well spent and deserves more than the price it asks for.
op Class Performance. Not just the specs, the user interface, feel and performance is extremely good.Display is brilliant. Camera is decent, though could have been better. Moving pics don't come our very well as the shutter speed is not very fast.Video capture quality is amazing. Finger print sensor is lightning fast. Have compared its response speed with other mid-range phones like Redmi Note 3, and I see the fingerprint response is very fast compared to others .The thing I like the most is its charging speed. Charging is lightning quick. I can charge from 15% to 100% is just a little over a hour.The phone does not get heated up while charging, just luke warm.Battery capacity is decent, though I felt it could have been increased a bit in the design.Battery runs for about 2 days for my usage with optimum use of Wi-Fi and 4G when needed.
This phone is simply awesome. I've had a OnePlus one for about 2 years now and was very much in need of an upgrade. Got the OnePlus 3, and it just blew me away. The display is amazing, can't comment on gaming performance much since I haven't done any yet. The most impressive feature is the battery. Dash charge, as we all know, does its job super fast but I was genuinely surprised at the battery backup. On moderate to high usage, the phone lasted more than a day, and when I say day, I mean a full 24 hours. I couldn't get anywhere close to this on my old phone. And also, the camera is pretty amazing, I'm not a big pictures guy so won't emphasize much. But it's good to know the phone can take great pictures when required.If you're looking for a new phone and don't want to shell out for giant brands like Samsungs, Google or Apple, you should definitely get this as it's certainly on par with those flagship devices.
I like this phone too much when i hold in my hands, Premium look, Amazing Camera which can produce sharp and clear pics more than iphone 6s, Front facing camera also producing decent pic but it is lag in low light condition that too not a big issue, There is no hang when i play heavy load games but some time it is getting heat that too manageable, My heart is melting by dash charge technology not even keeping charge for more than 45 minutes but phone is getting 100% and last for one day which is pretty decent, Audio quality is good, Display also produces vibrant colors when i see pic and videos especially, Fingerprint sensor is very fast compared with other mobile phones.
Hey Guys, I bought my new oneplus 3 a week ago and so far its awesome!!! I had a addiction to Samsung mobiles ever since note 1 to Note 4. It took me lot of research and courage to change the brand and try something new. Trust I made a right decision in buying oneplus 3 and it wasn't easy though as I made tons of research online and personal user's on the brand performance. Finally the mobile has kept it's promise. Very fast, stylish, elegant, pocket friendly smartphone ever in current market. I don't think any other brand could compete oneplus in producing a mobile with so many features at Rs.27999.. next to impossible. The same phone with with a Samsung or iPhone would not cost less than 50k for sure. The best part it looks like iPhone 6plus and its sleek design makes you delight. Soft gold looks stunning and I give a 5 Star + 1 moon for it ;) Thank you Amazon for keeping the delivery promises. Kudo's
After waiting for almost 3 months, I got my hands on this Masterpiece in Soft Gold. 8K + reviews and ratings on amazon, Thousands of review. feedback, test videos on the Net proves what a worthy Gadget this is. I have fallen in love with the simplicity of looks and faster processing of the downloads, gaming and camera experience. Totally in love with my Oneplus3 Soft Gold.Highest Remark-ability is the Performance Speed and the Charging Speed, 35mins flat is what it takes to get the Battery charged to 100% if you switch off all Bluetooth, wifi, data, and keep it on power saver mode.Only flaw for me is, I use my phone for a lot of movie watching, the limited 64GB Storage without any memory card slot being provided is a little worry. Type C pin being used for charging, OTG Options are also little tricky and the dual USB pen drives for Type C are priced highly.
It's an amazing piece of art, my intention is never to exaggerate but i will simply share my story. I bought this phone on 5th October, 16 and phone was delivered on 14th due sale and over demand of this product. And the phone i got was defective as it can't autofocus via primary camera. Thankfully i was able to catch this 10th day, which is last day allowed for return.. My return was accepted and i was offered money refund, then while scrolling down i saw an offer of iphone 6s for 29,999 only for prime customers with 15% cash back as well which brings both phones at same price, and since I had money back to my account i was very confused which one to choose. But just thinking for a minute i picked one+3 and never looked back due to 4 simple points 64 gb memory, 6gb ram, display and built quality of phone.. This is dam amazing product one could own..
This is a beast of a phone. Cmon!! 6gigs of ram!!!! Who'd say no to that? Powered by the sd820, this phone is lightning fast. Handles heavy duty apps n games like a charm. Although, there were lot of issues regarding ram management in the beginning, this was resolved to an extent by ota updates. The recent 26mb package was not entirely useful, it rather reduced the performance. These are all minor issues that can easily be resolved with updates. Not a reason to rule this phone out. Camera is great player in the market.... Not the best but pretty impressive. Oxygen os is as light and heavenly as ever.....actually this was one of the deciding factors between my decision of buying the op3 over the mi5. The reason I'm being so critical over minor issues is cause it's one plus!!!! Never expect the ordinary from them! All in all op3 is the iron man of the phone world, one plus is the thanos of phone makers! In other words you could say that, one plus never settled this time.
The moment I took out this phone from the box, my first reaction was wow this is slim. It's really well built and oneplus did the right thing by switching from sandstone to aluminum. This thing feels amazing in the hand and those bezels, OMG what do I say about it. They are 0.75mm thick and the 2.5D glass above it make it look like the screen is curving at the edge, like the s7 edge.The performance is top notch with snapdragon 820 @2.2ghz. Also for the geeks out there, this thing scores 140000 in antutu which is the highest in the comparison chart of antutu.A contraversy that's going around is that it has memory management issues. Let me clear it to you. IT DOESNT HAVE ANY KIND OF MEMORY MANAGEMENT ISSUES. The company says that they have limited the background apps limit to increase battery life and yes, it can be easily changed by watching 1 or 2 tutorials online which then will allow you to reach the full potential of the oneplus 3 but at a price of slightly higher battery drain.The next thing is the screen. People say that it's not a QHD screen and hence its bad. NO. Don't be a fool to just think a QHD is always better. Let me tell you the truth. A good quality AMOLED is way better than a QHD. You can never tell if it's a QHD just by looking at it. You will have to look very very closely. And the advantage of full HD is better battery life and better performance since the GPU will have to push lesser pixels. Yes, I agree that it's not very good for VR, but the thing is, not many people even use the VR. So if u really wabt to experience VR, get some other device with a QHD display.Now let's come to battery life. This phone has a 3000mah battery with is good. Not excellent, not bad but it's good. On a normal day of usage completely over wifi, I got a screen on time of about 5hrs which is not at all bad ( screenshot of the best sot I got without any battery saving modes and with 15mins of gaming). But if u are a really heavy user, u will have to charge it in the evening. Speaking of changing, the DASH charger. It stands up to all the claims. Yes, you do get 60% charge in 30mins and full in roughly about an hour.Also, the fingerprint scanner is one of the best in the market. Very much comparable to the 6s's.Now, the software experience. I know the oneplus 2 was cursed for its software because of the bugs. But no more. Oxygen OS 3.1.2 is really stable. I've used this device for 2 days now, and trust me, I haven't found a single OS related bug. It's a nice addition over stock Android which gives you power of customisation to some extent which are very useful. And the best part, oneplus has a great dev community hence a ton of Roms and kernels to explore. NEVER SETTLE.To talk about camera. It's a really good shooter in all the lighting situations. But yeah, it's not better than than s7 or HTC 10 or lg g5. But it's VERY CLOSE. I will add a few camera samples. You be the judge.It's a simple phone. No gimmicks. No huge hit or miss steps ( Like omission of 3.5mm jack, modularity, curved screen) but it offers exactly what a perfect smartphone at this time needs.This phone has an amazing support ( official and unofficial dev support as well as third party accessories )due to its popularity. And trust me, support is very necessary. Without support, a phone won't last very long.Now let me tell you what makes this device stand out. There are many phones out there which match it's performance. Those which are from reputed companies almost cost double the price ( excluding Nexus 6p) and those which are from smaller companies ( xiaomi mi5 and le max 2) are not very popular and don't have a lot of support. Those phones will be forgotten very soon. But this wouldn't.That is all I can say about this amazing flagship phones which easily competes with other flagships which are almost double the price.Hope this review of this awesome phone helps.
One plus 3 is the best phone right now at this price range. It has been 2 months since (exactly) since I bought this phone. Till now I haven't faced any sort of "major" problems like hanging, overheating, battery getting drowned very fastly.. No problems. Sometimes, the phone gets heated (in rare cases), when there are too many apps opened and audio, video and Internet is being used at the same time for more than 45+ mins.There is no lag in speed and performance of the phone, apps are installed and uninstalled within seconds, large sized games like FIFA 16/15 or NFS No limits run very smoothly. Camera is very good! Auto focus, photos in low light, everything is satisfactory.. The battery life is amazing and charging is much more amazing and fast, it went from 14%-100%in just 55mins, as it has AMOLED screen battery usage normally is low.. No where you will feel that you could have bought another phone. Best phone for me!
The performance of this phone is insane. It feels so good and comfortable in hands. I really love the design, even though its been inspired from htc 10, iphone etc. The snapdragon 820 inside is just a beast and 6gb ram is too awesome !! multitasking has been excellent after updates from oneplus. For this price range, its the best phone you could buy. What i really loved is the fact this phone can outperform galaxy s7 or note 7 and other top end flagship android phone in real world usage. Its a lot faster and snappier. Everything is insanely fast !!!
This is an awesome phone. Performance wise, it's just a ninja, doing tonnes of activities at a time without a glitch. I am a heavy user, so on a normal day I have around 15+ apps running in the background and none of them reload. The display is so smooth. The touch is super sensitive. You will love the AMOLED display. The speaker is okay, voice is clear but the sound is mid level, not to loud, not too low. The charging is crazy, you will be amazed to see the phone go from 0 to 100 in just 70minutes. Screen on time, that I have got so far is 8hours+ which has met more then my expectations.Camera is awesome too.
A lot of reviews have been written on the product, some have been appreciative and some been critical, however the bottom line is it is a well engineered mobile and does meets all the expectations maybe much beyond too. It worth every penny you spend. I have been using it over a month and till date never found any shortcomings. Some have pointed out the poor performance of the camera during low light shoots that maybe true but i depend more on my DSLR camera for shoots, ofcourse it one wants to use it as a point to shoot camera it does the job what it is designed for. The problem is most of us wants to buy a dzire Maruti car but then want it to be like a BMW 328i that is asking too much. Finally for the money you have spend one cannot ask for anything better, ofcourse over the period better mobiles will be available on the shelves at a lower price too that is obvious but as of now this mobile is the best in the price category below Rs 30,000/-.
Nice mobile... Handling this for two past months no issue in its performance...I use to watch one or two movies a day and using the internet for whole day.. Processor performance is awesome and ultimate thing is charge it stand by for long time and lesser time to make the mobile to complete the charge... Camera performance is good in day light and HD quality mode picture it seems like the DSLR quality we will get but I dawn or night performance is not up to the mark.. Selfie is good...Design and grip is good and user friendly to handle the mobile...Fingerprint works in superfast and convenient option while ride in bike or in travel we place the mobile in pocket it automatically turns in to the pocket mode and avoid the unwanted login in to the mobile...For the cost it worth more than other mobiles.
Amazing phone, best decision made by me to buy this beast, serious performance, sleek & gorgeous design..But delivery by Amazon was pathetic, horrible, shameful, I'm your huge fan Amazon but this experience was a nightmare, package was ripped can see my product from outside, cellphone box was damaged from edges, top of the box was bend inward, on first look it seemed like the phone might have been damaged, my enthusiasm was suppressed as i saw the packing, I literally wanted to return the package without paying, but I was dying to get this gold edition, so I accepted it, opened in front of your delivery boy, and Thank God the phone was unharmed, but seriously Amazon take this issue seriously, it is a 28000 Rupees product, so I expected the packing should be excellent but it was pathetic..
I have never used one plus products before and I am totally happy and satisfied with my one plus 3. I waited long for the gold version of one plus 3 and it was all worth it. With all the features an ideal smartphone should Carry.... I must with a lot more. The touch is commendable with AMOLED HD display, camera is taking great pictures, fast charging, super sexy metal body, 6GB of RAM, with all these super featuresits a money value phone. The soft gold colour is very sober and classy..not too shiny. Can be called unisex color. The things which phone lacks is the micro sd card and battery life is little bit less but all these are negligible. Its definitely a flagship killer. It will challenge phones twice it's price and best phone in this price range. Must buy. Super elegant colour. I loved it.
About a week of use I'll like to say the mobile is a great value for money . After using phones like Sony , iPhone 6s , Motorola I'll like to say OnePlus 3 is just a great buy I need not to spend 50-60 k for a double.about phone now the build of phone is great and looks premium.there is a tempered guard in mobile . The camera is good I won't say great but good . Back camera 16 megapixel is good under good natural light conditions flash is not that great but works fine.front camera quality is good and great under perfect lights.
Neither it's Apple and nor its Samsung.. It's One Plus Three.. comparing it with Apple or Samsung is just baseless as every company would want to make a better running product with their respective margins.. One Plus Three is an amazing phone as compares to its predecessor +1 and +2.. The look, feel and usage of the phone is superb and it's dash charge technology saves your time in charging.. The best part of the phone is its interface and working - simple, intelligent and perfect for everyday use.. No major themes or graphics burden.. It works well, functions are smooth and easy and decent battery.. lastly, this phone is worth buying with great features and decent price tag.. Just dont compare it with Apple or Samsung..!! Thank you
I love build quality which One Plus had made with this product. The weight is evenly distributed as it feel feels light rather than heavy. The finger print sensor is really snappy. Primary camera 16MP and secondary camera 8MP really good job no as great as Samsung S7 or iPhone 6s but justifies it. The 3000mAh battery is more than enough for the average users but heavy users might run short of juice but the Dash Charger saves the day which goes from 0% to 100% in 45mins. I felt Soft Gold version is much more better than the Graphite version in term of look as the white front make it look legit and classy. Its a real value for money. You will not be disappointed.OnePlus 3 (Soft Gold, 64 GB)
I Am Very Happy After Buying This Fabulous Smartphone Because Everything Is Like A Charm In Past I Have Use Many Smartphone Like Galaxy A8, Galaxy s7 EDGE, Xperia Z3, Blackberry Priv & Now OnePlus 3 Also For 2 Months But Overall In-Hand Feel & Build Quality Is Fantastic But There Are Many Reasons That I Chose OnePlus 3 Like ZERO Bloting Software, STOK Android Experience, Good Battery Backup ( As Compared To It's High End Price Rival's ) & Also Continues Security & System Updates For Go One Step Ahed From Others So In My Opinion OnePlus 3 Is The Best & Value For Money Product. So If You Are Really Want Good Product Then Decently I HIGHLY RECOMMEND This.
For them who are having the first smartphone of their life or buying a cell phone online for the first time : Just like you all I was so freaked out before and after ordering this cell phone, thanks to all those negative comments. But I will definitely recommend that you buy this if you want a cell phone which will not bug you with low efficiency bugs. OnePlus has done a great job with this Beauty. Battery life and charging are very good. I only get bugged by the auto-brightness feature but its nothing which can't be fixed by a software update. I will not talk about in depth specs, all of those mentioned on YouTube are pretty much accurate. Thank you.
I wanted to switch back to Android from iOS (for many reasons- none cos I hate iOS). And in the process I had the choices between Samsung S7 Edge, HTC 10, Sony Xperia XZ, Nexus 6P yet none could justify the bang for bucks which OnePlus 3 had put forth. The specs are top notch. No doubt on that. Oxygen OS offers near stock experience. The phone is tinker friendly and is one of favorite phone of XDA developers and community. Very well built. A full metal jacket phone. Looks premium. Have turned heads when people see it in my hand or when am talking on it. If you are looking for a powerful phone with future proof specs and yet don't want to shell half a lack, this the phone for you.
Great camera, great dash charging, descent battery, awesome display, great aluminum body, great 2.5d covered display, gives a little bit feeling of edge display, best and i think the fastest finger print scanner.... everything is great about this phone. You cannot get anything better than this at this price. Only problem i am facing is that i am not able to get good accessories for the phone like back cover and tempered glass, all the tempered glasses available are too small fir the screen due to the 2.5d glass on the phone. But i found an awesome shatter proof flexibke glass which i feel is better than any tempered glass and also fits perfectly and covers the whole screen .
What can one say about this phone. It absolutely a stunner. Impressive built quality which is on the lines of an iphone or probably even better. I have been using it for the past 4 months now. It has no glitches at all. The mammoth 6GB RAM makes sure that it is always there at your disposal for carrying out heavy tasks be it gaming, camera or anything else. And man, what charging speeds. The Dash Charge technology by Oneplus makes it astonishingly fast charging. 20-100% in 40 minutes. It is the fastest phone on Antutu benchmarks until iphone 7 came which is double the price. Go for it guys. There's no looking back. Worth all the penny spent. Probably even better.
I have been using this beast for the past one month, the phone is completely awesome with loads of features. First of all the phone is fully customised thats the best thing, and phone runs like a rajdhani express which is extremely fast, fastest finger print sensor, good battery life which lasted me for around 22 hours with good usage, the phone is very light weight there is no feel of handling the beast in the hand. what can we expect for 28k, its an all rounder a complete package from One Plus. Overall i have made a wise decision to buy One Plus 3. Thank You One Plus and Amazon.
PERFECT PHONE! In all aspects! I was using iphone til date and wanted to upgrade..bought oneplus 3 after reading reviews..its just amazing..! If u want one strong reason to buy it , its DASH CHARGING! Many others reasons - best fingerprint scanner, battery backup, multitasking with 6gb RAM, premium look,design,camera quality,display all are awesome! And last but not the least its the PRICE !!!! If you want to buy these features in any other smartphone u hav to spend double this amount..OP3 beats even iphone 7 in many aspects! Well if u r just iphone fan nd only ios u need go fr iphone or OP3 IS THE BEST SMARTPHONE IN THE MARKET RIGHT NOW!
The phone is simply brilliant. I am currently using the Note 5 and the One Plus 3 simultaneously and I must say the OP3 is by no means any inferior than the Note 5. Kudos to One Plus for providing such a beast at an affordable price. Everything is fantastic on the phone. The camera is brilliant. It uses a good quality sensor and a good quality lens and that is very evident when pictures taken from the OP3 are reproduced. The only con I feel is the flash. It's only average . Apart from that I think anyone looking for a phone below 30k should not think twice and get the OP3
OnePlus has finally managed to get everything right with the OnePlus 3. This is a phone which excels in every department, and OnePlus has even fixed the issues we had with reliability and build quality on some of its previous devices. The inclusion of important features such as NFC, an accurate fingerprint sensor, an excellent Amoled screen and fast charging also finally means that this is a phone that checks all of the boxes.However, the OnePlus 3 isn't completely perfect. Although 64GB of internal storage will in all likelihood be enough, a lot of people will have an issue with the fact that storage cannot be expanded. The single speaker is a bit weak, and there were some file format recognition issues which prevented us from running some video and audio files on the phone. Pictures taken in low-light weren't quite as good as we'd hoped. But all of these issues are minor, and take very little away from the fact that the OnePlus 3 is a fantastic smartphone. With these capabilities, and at Rs. 27,999, it finally has what it takes to be a true 'flagship killer'.
OnePlus has done a great job with OnePlus 3, they have fixed almost every issue that they have with OnePlus 2. OnePlus 3 has a great camera, Ferrari performance, monster 6GB RAM and 64GB Storage, lighting fast FP sensor and the Dash Charge and all these you get in just 28k and when it comes to performance OnePlus 3 beats many flagship smartphones that cost double of it. If we talk about only daily operation tasks like opening dialer, messaging app, contacts etc OnePlus 3 beats iPhone 7 too. So OnePlus 3 is the real flagship killer.
OnePlus 3 is an amazing smartphone in this price range. Most of my friends are using it and given positive reviews about it. The mobile is lightweight and out performer. I check the stress management of this phone I tried to play 5 - 6 heavy games on it like GTA, Asphalt and all and still the phone is performing very well. Even dash charhing is one of the charming thing which made to buy this phone It really charges over 60% of the battery within half hour and battery life is amazing. If you are looking for best android smartphone under 30k budget go for OnePlus 3.
the phone is pretty nice for the price,initially i was going for nexus 6p 64 gb bcoz of bigger battery but since its launch nexus 6p has been for same price i.e 40k in india ..if a company doesnt care about price then why should i cae about that company..so i got this phone for my sister as a diwali gift.she loves the camera ! and she was surprised by dash charge ...she broke her iphone recently and she is new to android eco system and shes very happy with the switch..kudos to amazon for colab'in with one plus. for 28k you cant go wrong with this beast.
Awesome device after using it almost for about 4 to 5 days.... i didn't find any issue or legginess......but the ADP registration feature are totally bulls***....as no where inside or outside the box it is mentioned that we need to download one plus care app and register there for activation of ADP........and here it is written free but on the app it's written Rs.1000 for claiming in insurance...........i am giving 5 star just because the device is perfect as the reviews and all.......but the ADP and the way to activate ADP is totally ridiculous......
Can't be happier.. before upgrading from my nexus5 to onePlus3, i once ordered a moto g4 plus to see if somehow i can adjust with that low cost decent config fon and save some money in the bank for the time- Had to return it for the heating issues, changed gears, a nexus 6p wud do, lets spend some extra and be happy lag free for a couple of years- experienced a little lag and heat there too, but the major reason of me sending 6p back to fkart was that the device's microphone had some issues(hardware part)
This is a real flagship killer mobile....At price of Rs 27,000...u get a whopping 6 GB RAM & Inbuilt 64 GB memory plus loads of other features in terms of its camera, display, etc... Forget those expebsive I-phones which are ordered only for show-off...This product gives you almost all Apple I-phone at half their market price...Just Go for it...As regards cons for this mobile phone, nobody is perfect in this world even those expensive useless I-phones....Order for this flagship killer & save that extra money for some other adventures in your life
I am using the phone since last 4 days. It took some time to adjust with the settings as previously I was using Note2 which is having excellent samsung made user interface. The built quality of the phone is superior, thin and you can conveniently hold in your hand. Due to metallic body it is slippery and better to put a sandstone finish back cover. Processor is very fast and so far did not consume more than 2.7GB of the 6GB RAM. This information you will get from settings/memory. The stock sms and phone calling applications are so so and one may download favourites from playstore. Now I am left with 44GB after down loading dozens of my apps. I may need another 15GB for documents, music etc. Still I will be left with decent storage for future use. The camera is also good, well better than Note2. Call quality, picking up signal etc are also good. Overall an excellent phone.
Honestly speaking before placing an order i didn't expect that this phone will look like a charm. When i opened the box and the moment i take it in my hand .....i was just speechless it is super sexy slim metal body with a fantastic display. Earlier i was using OP2 and that phone was also good but OP3 is the father of all the Phones which is present right now in the Indian market soft gold looks awesome and features are also good. Dash charge is one the most Fantastic feature which i love the most in this device.
Unbelievable features, speed, crisp AMOLED display. Best of Apple (slider button for silent) Samsung (speed) Motorola features (gestures etc) all merged into one single phone. Excellent battery and super speed recharge only 15 mins and it is more than 35 percent charged (solved battery headache for me). All claims by the company were tested by me and voila for once they are all TRUE.DO NOT doubt comparatively low pricing from One Plus 3, I have owned apple samsung phones before and thought less price = lesser quality/compromise. But man, One Plus 3 proved me wrong, totally wrong. It's worth every penny. In fact, I now think that other brands are charging way more than their worth. Well done One Plus 3 team. Still not sure JUST GO FOR IT
Got this phone on Great Indian Sale . It got delivered pretty soon.Soft Gold is really Soft Gold, not unlike other Manufacturers putting out darker version of Gold which looks flimsy.Under certain lights it feels soft gold otherwise it looks Silver with little bit yellowish hue.Go for Soft Gold if you dont like Fingerprints & Reflection of Graphite Black version.First day Rooted this phone after updating the phone with latest update.Battery life is decent about 4-5 hours of Screen on time without any Sim card right now.Fingerprint sensor is fastest on android phones , just shy behind of iPhone 6s & 7 models.6GB Ram works with the newest update. Opened about 25 apps & every one of them were in Memory.Also some youtube videos shows that big games like Asphalt 8 , Modern Combat 5 , Transistor etc 3 Big games still stay on memory.AMOLED screen works wonders if you have WhatsApp Plus with Full black theme & also Sync Pro for Reddit.Camera quality is more than average. I dont know what should I expect from a 28k Phone as I already have Nikon D5200.Still daily photos looks fine on a 4K TV while Casted on it. Still have to try recording 4K videos. Recorded Slow Motion video was disappointed by it.Button quality is good.I removed the Screen Protector & also no cases or cover right now. I like OP3 as Open as possible because it is beauty to hold without any covers or glass / scratch protectors.
Awesome phone for the price. I will not go into detail about other features since a lot of people have done that already. Will brief about my experience with the picture quality.I live in Thailand and ordered this phone to be delivered to a friend in Kolkata before I traveled there myself to attend a wedding.. He tested it for me and told me everything was ok.I was there from 6-8 August. Used the phone..tested the finger scan (awesome), downloaded apps (very fast), tried launching several apps at once..(happy), dash charging (great).BEST - Camera is awesome!!!!! Any phone cameras will do well during the day in day light..but not all cameras will do good in low light. I have attached some pictures that I took in low light. Earlier when I travel, usually would click pictures with my wife's Iphone 6. But now we ONLY use Oneplus 3.I just bought a Sony alpha6000 specially for this trip to click some pictures while I travel, but didn't carry it to the wedding reception so just took Oneplus 3 with me and I am amazed with the picture quality. Clicked a lot of photos at the reception, low light..high quality pictures. (deep inside my heart I feel I shouldn't have bought the Sony camera, but its ok, I can live with that).I have not tried inserting the thai sims yet, will go do it today. Hope it works well since I use 2 numbers all the time. Will update the review IF there is some problem. If I do not update anything it will mean that I am happy with the connection of the phone as well.
First of all i just love its all metal unibody. I constantly keep touching it. Its 2.5 d curve glass looks amazing. The only thing that i dont like is its camera bump. Because of which i need to keep my phone facing screen down. Except for that i love every thing about its phone.Built quality is amazing, buttons are tactile.Camera's are amazing. Now no need to use any other app like candy camera or retrica.I am soo much impressed with the battery life on it. I am grtting almost 9 HOURS of SCREEN ON TIME, that's insane , and still having 25% of battery left. I was watching movies constantly from last 8 hours and still 25% of battery was left. I dont how, may because i use to keep brightness at minimum. I know u all would not believe thatwhy i took a screenshot of it. I will attach it with the review.Call quality is amazing, the speaker is pretty good.I like its screen, colors are vibrant and accurate.I recommend u to buy this phone if u are looking for a phone in range of 25-30k.Another options for u in this range are mi5 or le max2 but since only white variant of mi5 is available in india and the processor is also underclocked @1.8 ghz and the in built storage is also less i.e. 32gb.And le max2 camera is bad as comoared to op3 and i don't really like its looks and kind of don't trust that company.
This phone is awesome! And the delivery was quick and hassle free.To be honest I have always used really high end phones like iphones, htc one series, galaxy s series, etc but after using this phone I can safely say buying those phones is wasting money. The phone has the best specs out there at half the cost. Never for a second do I feel that I was using a mid range device. I had well researched the phone before buying and I'm very satisfied with the purchase. The display is beautiful, performance is very snappy, the build is great, fingerprint scanner works like a charm, oxygen UI gives many customization options to make your life easier. Stated receiving compliments on the phone from the first day itself :pThe only cons are the the battery isn't as big as it should have been since the phone is quite thin (dash charging nullifies this issue to some extent) , and the low light performance of the camera could be improved a little. But this is nothing serious since the battery does last for the whole day and camera does perform really well in most situations.Also you will have to buy a screen guard or a tempered glass anyway since the one pre-installed on the phone doesn't fully cover the screen.And for a person who watches lots of videos on his phone, the speaker is just about about loud and clear enough, but nothing compared to front firing speakers like on some phones.But such issues are very nitpicky, I can assure you that everyone, except for Steve Jobs maybe, will be very happy and satisfied with the phone.Kudos to oneplus for making such a device and pricing is so competitively, a big thumbs from me to anyone looking to buy this phone.
I was looking for a small handy laptop with great battery life. This one fits the bill. It has not operating system installed - Thats a plus. Have installed Linuxmint on the laptop. Works like a charm. Getting good battery life of 5-6 hours without tlp.Wifi adapter had a small issue in linux which was sorted by googling for a solution.
I bought this laptop in just 25k and additional 1.5k cashback on bank offer.Config: 1TB HDD, 4GB RAM, i3 cpu, Intel HD graphicsI installed windows 10 without any issue. Windows 7 is also supported.Display quality is very good.6 hrs of battery backup.Included with Laptop: McAfee Antivirus with 15 months licence subscription & Absolute laptop tracking software.Thanks to Amazon and Dell for such a great product!
It comes with a Ubuntu 14.04 version. Initially you will not be able to connect to Wi-Fi. Don't panic as we have a solution. Just need to download a driver for the wifi using the ethernet cable and from then your wi-fi will work. Check out you tube if you require a real time assistance. The sound quality is good. Trackpad has a decent response. Camera quality is better when compare to the previous version of dell which I owned (Inspiron 15R). The look is great. The one reason I love Dell most is the performance and its quality. This configuration do not support high end graphic games like GTA V, but you still can manage to play games released in 2013 - 2014. Battery backup is good, need to see how this prolongs as time goes. Overall it will be a great catch.
Big entertainment, bold features, get your hands on a versatile 15" laptop packed with entertainment features that deliver an outstanding multimedia experience at an affordable price, with Ubuntu Linux OS - for a smooth, versatile PC experience. More ways to enjoy multimedia. Confident performance: From surfing the web to editing videos, you can take on your day-to-day tasks with the responsive power of 4th Gen Intel Core TM processors. An available 2GB2 discrete graphics option allows you to complete more intensive tasks without sacrificing performance. More ways to enjoy HD clarity: Kick back and watch your favorite shows, or connect to your favorite sites and more with a spacious HD screen that offers room for multiple viewers to share at once. Crisp details and vibrant colors shine through as you access videos, photos and more. Built-in DVD drive: Burn your favorite playlist, watch movies and load software with an optional built-in DVD drive. Easily store high volumes of data on your DVDs for file archiving, or access new applications quickly. Stay productive on the fly, accomplish what you need to, where you need to : Meet your capable copilot. The sleek 15" Inspiron 15 is compact and always by your side. Go the distance : Venture away from the power outlet with confidence. With long-lasting battery life, the Inspiron 15 isn't finished until you are. Room to spare : Save plenty of photos, videos and music with up to a 1TB hard drive, giving you plenty of room to archive without worry of limited space. The built-in media card reader makes it easy to transfer videos and photos from your camera while USB 3.0 lets you transfer files to external storage. Designed for the real world because that's where life happens. We want you to love your new PC for years to come. That's why we test Inspiron laptops for reliability not just in the places where you expect it, but for the open road ahead. Turn up the heat: From locker rooms to locked cars, we test Inspiron laptops for survival in harsh short-term heat conditions of up to 65°C/149°F. Everything hinges on it: We test Inspiron laptop hinges to ensure they still feel tight, even after opening and closing the lid 20,000 times. Buttoned up: No matter what you set your power and multimedia buttons to do, we've tested them all to survive up to 40,000 pushes with no problems. Twist and turn: Call us excessive, but after twisting an Inspiron laptop's base and lid more than 25,000 times, we can assure you the parts inside are well protected. Always a good fit: You'll probably never need to remove and reinstall your Inspiron's battery 750 times, but you can rest easy knowing that we've tested even that.
THIS IS THE BEST VALUE OFFER if you are looking for an ultra portable laptop, which can still let you do some work! Trust me, nothing else exists that does what it does currently - allow me to elaborate:So I wanted a machine with 8GB of RAM (because Chrome eats RAM), smooth performance (let me do my productivity work, surf with multiple tabs and YouTube videos open, make minor corrections to my photos etc.) that was thin and light!I did not find a single windows machine that offered these specs (i5, 8GB, 13.3 inch, ultra thin and light and long battery life) in this price range. The closest was the HP envy 13, but they are selling the 4GB model for 65K +. Which was outrageous!Could not find the 8GB version for the above (and similar offerings from Dell etc.) easily online - nor in stores. Basically nothing was available that could offer me these specs and portability at this price point!Even if I buy a license of Windows 10 and install it via boot-camp (I wont - cause I am not wedded to Windows for my apps), it will still cost me less than the 8GB version of windows based laptops from the likes of HP!So it made absolute sense to buy the Macbook Air over the competition....at 61K that I paid for it, it has the specs that I wanted (some might find the 128 GB SSD a little low, but I don't, as external HDD's are cheaper than ever and I use streaming music and movie services, so I am only saving my documents, apps and photos; which are also backed up on Ext HDD's and cloud services) .Consider this - this is better built, looks stunning (turns more heads in a cafe, than the HP or Dell XPS will ever do) and costs less. And trust me, Mac OS X works like a charm - I have tried it for the first time, and I am at right at home. Comes with some very decent apps and the rest are easy to get online (including office, if you really need it - I am all for google docs).And my absolute favorite thing - I have only put this machine to sleep (just close the Lid) and never shut it down so far! Never needed to. It sleeps the instant you put down the lid and wakes the instant you open the lid - zero lag so far!Finally - it sips battery, it has more endurance than a camel! Nothing comes close in battery life.To sum it up, you still can't buy any other notebook, that has decent spec, built and can out last the Air! And this from someone who would never buy an iPhone and is not an apple fanboy. The Macbook Air is a seriously good machine on all practical fronts.
Simply AWESOME! Just can't review this one.. The Images express more than the words.. OS X El Capitan is just an awesome Operating System! Simple, Elegant, Love to work! This is my second macbook air, before I was using a Macbook Pro. Well, except the Flash drive each and every thing is just fabulous 8 gigs of ram, 1.5 gigs of Intel HD 6000 graphics card, 13.3" display, FaceTime HD camera, 1.6 ghz of Intel 5th generation processor, and especially APPLE BRANDING! What else you except at this range with this company!? Yea, surely you can get a better configuration at this range on other Windows-based system, but if you want to move on with Windows! This is the bestest option :) You will not like Windows anymore :P Well, thanks for reading my review for this product as well, and if you like the pictures please mark the review as useful! Will encourage the reviewers like us to review more :)
THIS IS THE BEST VALUE OFFER if you are looking for an ultra portable laptop, which can still let you do some work! Trust me, nothing else exists that does what it does currently - allow me to elaborate:So I wanted a machine with 8GB of RAM (because Chrome eats RAM), smooth performance (let me do my productivity work, surf with multiple tabs and YouTube videos open, make minor corrections to my photos etc.) that was thin and light!I did not find a single windows machine that offered these specs (i5, 8GB, 13.3 inch, ultra thin and light and long battery life) in this price range. The closest was the HP envy 13, but they are selling the 4GB model for 65K +. Which was outrageous!Could not find the 8GB version for the above (and similar offerings from Dell etc.) easily online - nor in stores. Basically nothing was available that could offer me these specs and portability at this price point!Even if I buy a license of Windows 10 and install it via boot-camp (I wont - cause I am not wedded to Windows for my apps), it will still cost me less than the 8GB version of windows based laptops from the likes of HP!So it made absolute sense to buy the Macbook Air over the competition....at 61K that I paid for it, it has the specs that I wanted (some might find the 128 GB SSD a little low, but I don't, as external HDD's are cheaper than ever and I use streaming music and movie services, so I am only saving my documents, apps and photos; which are also backed up on Ext HDD's and cloud services) .Consider this - this is better built, looks stunning (turns more heads in a cafe, than the HP or Dell XPS will ever do) and costs less. And trust me, Mac OS X works like a charm - I have tried it for the first time, and I am at right at home. Comes with some very decent apps and the rest are easy to get online (including office, if you really need it - I am all for google docs).And my absolute favorite thing - I have only put this machine to sleep (just close the Lid) and never shut it down so far! Never needed to. It sleeps the instant you put down the lid and wakes the instant you open the lid - zero lag so far!Finally - it sips battery, it has more endurance than a camel! Nothing comes close in battery life.To sum it up, you still can't buy any other notebook, that has decent spec, built and can out last the Air! And this from someone who would never buy an iPhone and is not an apple fanboy. The Macbook Air is a seriously good machine on all practical fronts.
Amazing computer with thin and light and beautiful design ever 'World's advanced Operating system- OS X EI captain even more powerful and easier to use.It comes with an amazing collection of apps.Control MacBook Air with amazing gesture.Two-finger swipe to navigate.three fingers swipe.mission control- swipe up.Pinch to zoom.Superb browsing experience ever.It only comes with 12 hours of battery life in ' mac product.If we use an iPhone we will love what we can do with a Mac with handoff featureBrightening apple logo it doesn't use battery,it use screen's reflection.13.3 inch display is enough big size and good resolution.Computable with Window OS with boot camp feature .We can get product at good price.
Great product, nothing to complain about as far as quality of the product is concerned. Apple is definitely king of the hill when it comes to laptops - I love Windows still for certain tasks and this is my first affair with Apple in a long time (didn't like the iPod somehow). However, there's no way I am going back to Windows.Instead of saying what everyone else is saying here on Amazon, want to point out a couple of things:The laptops sold on Amazon are genuine and you have nothing to worry about. Offline retailers are running scared and spreading false rumors owing to Amazon offering killer deals - do not believe them. In case of doubt, contact Apple Care - their telephone support is FAR BETTER than that of Amazon's or the seller's. If you have limited data caps, like I do, use an app called Little Snitch to control the programs that get complete access to your internet. Apple's OS is naughty and forces large downloads (sometime 3-4 GB each week) in the background despite turning off automatic downloads - please keep a check on your iCloud settings.If you keep these points in mind, there isn't much better out there than the Macbook Air aka MBA.
Feeling so good after using this MacBook for last 1 week. Yes this shows early 2015 model because it is. This model was launched at around that time. Got problems with that? Well newer models are available, go buy them.Secondly, whoever wrote that sierra doesn't work on this machine, is definitely not honest. I have downloaded it and works like breeze. Update was heavy though -4.88 GB.Disk space is less but you know it when you buy it right? Why crib? Buy cloud space or external disk like many people do. Guys this looks so pretty. 'My first MacBook and sexy it is.
Got several doubts before getting this macbook. But after getting the delivery and started using the device, it's amazing and windows OS nowhere nearer to OS X including various features in trackpad. Not interested to use mouse anymore :) Breezy feel to play with trackpad with different gesture controls. Upgraded to OS X EI Captain with 800MB of data.Thought of 1.6GHz dual core i5 will spoil the game but everything is on my way after installing 5GB Xcode, 3GB of Android SDK with different OS emulators, 500MB of Eclipse IDE with various add-ins, JDK 8 etc,. There is no lag and the machine is working like a charm except a small drawback in SSD size of 128GB in which still 90GB is free but planned to get a external HDD to manage the entertainment stuffs.Activated the key chain and installed the Libre Office to manage the document suite requirements. Initially struck up for utilising shortcuts but little bit later, I was quite familiar in using drag and drop too :) I don't have any negative feedback to give in respect to the screen clarity/resolution. I was searched for core i5 processor with 8GB RAM to suite my professional requirement and I'm totally satisfied with it's performance. Yet to configure the time machine. Date mentioned in the packing is June,2016 and cross verified the Macbook serial number in the Apple site and it is genuine :) having warranty upto 27 July, 2017.It's completely a value for money product. Cost of the same machine in U.S is 994USD x 66.77 = 66369INR
I saw a lot of negative reviews on Amazon. But one thing was common in all of those. The review was about the price of the product rather than the product itself. So I went ahead and ordered this at 63k. That was the cheapest I had seen in about 2 weeks. About the product: People looking for a MacBook Air already know the pros and cons of the device. It is exactly as described. No point ranting about lack of hdmi port or lower screen resolution for this price point. It has been like this for years. The point is, it is exactly as described, a MacBook Air with all its pros and cons. So, go ahead and buy this if you want a MacBook Air, the lower stars are for the price of the device and not for the device itself.
Excellent laptop. Sturdy. Fast. Easy to use operating system (look for David Cox's tutorials on YouTube, even if you are not a novice. They will come handy). Pages, numbers, keynote (mac equivalent of Microsoft office) are included for free. Minimum unnecessary software installed. Excellent battery life (~10 hours). Install vlc, chrome, xcode (if you write programmes)... and you are ready to go. Having bash shell really helps if you work mainly in a Linux/UNIX setup. Also you will need macport/homebrew for installing linux based softwares like gnuplot. (Do yourself a favor: download the free inconsolatas font and set it as the terminal's font. Thank me later.) Also the 8 GB RAM comes useful when, for example, you run demanding jobs like heavy Mathematica codes. The screen is okay, or good, if you compare it to normal budget laptops. But it is certainly poor compared to retina display. But for the retina display and 1 GHz extra clock speed, I was not ready to pay 27000 more. The sound is okayish (but you don't listen on laptop speakers, right? okay, except occasionally? it is good for occasional use).This Laptop is light. How light? Okay, if you carry it in your backpack, you will not notice its presence.The Amazon basics carrying case is also good. It, almost, perfectly fits with the laptop. And a carrying case, be it Amazon basics or whatever, is necessary as you will carry the laptop in your hands, say, to class or library. And, no, you will not need to carry the charger with you!Will you be able to play games on it? Very few. Also if you are planning to run super heavy numerical simulations on it, don't. Get a desktop.Am I happy with the purchase? VERY.
I'm glad that I went ahead with my decision and bought the Apple MacBook Air from Amazon. I got it at an irresistible price during the Great Indian sale.Coming to the product, it's an amazing machine from Apple. Switching from Windows to Mac was also smooth. Performance and Battery life is excellent. Regarding battery life, when using 3rd party apps like VLC player the battery depletes at a much higher rate compared to the iTunes movie playback. So I think the claimed All day battery is while using the apps from Apple as they're optimised to make excellent use of hardware. Regarding Amazon service, the product packaging was top notch. Delivery was well before the estimated date.Thank you, Amazon. You're the Best!!
It has been around a month that I have been using the Apple MacBook Air 13.3" i5, 8GB, 128GB model. During this time I have used the laptop for web surfing, writing articles, web site designing taking the major share. Some occasional video watching on YouTube but nothing rigorously like watching movies on this. I will begin, with the goods, followed by the bad, and lastly the ugly part about the MacBook Air.The GOOD : Premium build quality, good feel, light weight, easy to carry, backlit keyboard, good typing experience, the trackpad is amazing after using the trackpad of MacBook Air I really feel why other manufacturers short change customers with poor trackpad implementation on their laptops. Screen is sufficiently bright, audio sound quality is OK. Performance is good, in the price you get core i5 surely its fifth gen but still, 8GB RAM and 128 GB fast storage the deal is good to have.
My first hands on a Mac ever,and the experience just exceeded expectations.....Almost all popular Windows programs are available in the Mac Store,so no compatibility issues.....Superfast webpages loading....(Plugins,extensions don't create a lag even if you have a slower connection...)But it has just 120GBs of available storage....If you want more,go for an external hard drive,I already had one of 1TB)....Packing was great as usual,since it's from Apple....Design and thickness are just some factors,no other can beat Apple on.......It's worth money even though we are spending a hefty sum on this one......
We all now about apple products and they rock.. having used the mac book pro before this I realized that this one is much more practical and usable than the pro. It has all the features of a pro minus the extra weight and the cost. I registered the product straightup on Apple support online and the product is 100% genuine and covered for a year under apple India care. I was advised against buying it online by every retail store, sighting reasons like refurbished product, older version , non updated OS etc etc. However all these concerns were unwarranted and the product is the same as you could pick up from any apple store.
This is to tell everyone out there that, if you're skeptic about switching from Windows to Mac then you're wrong. Switching to Mac takes a time, some googling and then you'll be fine to go in no time. And, when you're familiar with the Mac environment then you won't even think of switching back to Windows ever.Battery life is one of the many great thing on this product. No Windows machine can ever come close to the batter life that Mac can provide. And, lastly you don't have to think of anything when buying a Mac; if you're from Windows you'd be familiar that Windows has many versions of that same Windows(Home, Professional, Business). In mac there's only one version and you can freely update to the latest version at any time. You don't have to worry what ever your profession is, and that's the best thing that I really like in the MacOS.
Just switched from a windows to this Macbook air and I'm really glad I did so. Everything works better on this laptop and when I say everything I mean everything. Besides that the weight, the track pad, the battery life, the speed, the sound, display, I can go on. It's truly worth it if you want a quality product and these laptops last much longer and hAve better resale value. I'm really happy with it. :)
12+ hour battery backup, check out my 2 week in review at [...]Buy a 1/2 TB HDD then format one half for TimeMachine HFS & the other half as exFAT & your'e good to go.NovaBench 630 decent enough for everything, Android Studio, Xcode etcSamsung SSD WRITE 600MB+ & READ 1400MB+ tested using Black MagicYou can also buy a microSD adapter for macbook air which sits flush against the body & add storage of 64/128GB Samsung EVOPS: Dont select file system encryption on initial setup, it takes a lot of time, I almost rekt it trying to restart in the middle of it & had to go select the startup disk from recovery. not for noobs.
Words can't express my happiness...firstly i wud like to thank amazon and gadget tree for the service they provided...i ws quite worried about the genuinety of the laptop as i hv never purchased anything this expensive from online shopping but amazon did a really great job...the package was delivered in 24 hrs as i choose one day delivery...packing ws amazingly well done...Now coming on do the product itself to be honest i am not apple fan infact its my 2nd product from apple after my ipod which i got almost 8 years back...Before buying it i ws very confused about which laptop to buy and in the end i finally landedup on mac air and nw i can say that i made the ri8 choice...It ws the most exciting , amazing and even expensive thing i ever unboxed.
For the past several years, Apple's flagship MacBook Air has dutifully added the latest generation of Intel processors, and sometimes tweaked the included ports or the type of solid state memory inside, but those changes have felt very minor. Especially so when compared to the groundbreaking new-for-2015 12-inch MacBook , which is amazingly thin and stylish, or the MacBook Pro -- redesigned in 2012 -- which has a great higher-res display and plenty of high-end configuration options.But that doesn't mean we're writing the MacBook Air off. It remains one of the most universally useful laptops you can buy, thanks to a still-slim design, excellent keyboard and touchpad, generally fast performance and great battery life. That the Air is the least-expensive MacBook, means it's within reach for many shoppers who might not want to go up to the 1 lakh or more being asked for the latest ultraportables from Apple, Samsung and others. (A model with an 11.6-inch screen and otherwise very similar specs is available for even less.)While other laptops continue to catch up to the Air, and even move past it in terms of design, the Air stubbornly holds onto its claim as having the longest-lasting mainstream laptop battery. That's because of a minor upgrade for 2015 to Intel's fifth-generation Core i-series processors, previously known by the codename Broadwell. The performance boost, as in most Broadwell systems, is slim to negligible, but the greater power efficiency of those new chips pays a significant dividend.Along with a new CPU, you get the associated improved integrated graphics that are included with the Broadwell platform, as well as a speed bump from Thunderbolt to Thunderbolt 2 in the data/video port. The built-in flash storage, which switched to the faster PCIe interface last cycle, now also gets faster throughput, although in everyday use, you're unlikely to notice any of these incremental improvements.The 2015 version of the MacBook Air ran for 18 hours on our video playback battery drain test, blowing past its previous versions, as well as the non-Apple competition. Even if more challenging tasks or heavy online streaming cut that number by 40 percent or so, you're still looking at no-compromise all-day battery life.If not for the continued battery-life dominance and the relatively low starting price, it would be easy to ease the MacBook Air aside and suggest the Pro or 12-inch MacBook instead. Instead, you have three distinct products, each with strengths and weaknesses, and each best-suited for a different audience. I suspect that, for some time to come, the Air will remain the best choice for students and casual coffee shop websurfers.
The Apple MacBook Air MMGF2HN/A 13.3-inch Laptop is amazing product its light and worth the money.i got it for 62K and the seller was gadge tree which gave me a bill that matches the serial no on the product itself.the only issue is the year make of the product i got the early 2015 make which is a bit sad as we are already in the late 2016.so an early 2016 make would have been nice,apart from the make the software was upto date (OS X El Capitan) and the performance is better than other laptops.just go for it.
At first, when this product was released I saw many negative comments with regard to the price of the product.I was keen on purchasing and testing the Macbook Air 13 MMGF2HN/A. Brilliant is what I would say this Mac is. Ease of control and featherlight to use while on the Go. Performance wise it is backed by a powerfull 8Gb Ram which is supported by the Mac Operating system X. The Battery on an average gives about 10 1/2 hours of hardcore work time. Only the 128 GB hard disk is a major drawback for this Mac. When we come to the pricing of this product I do not see why the customers are making a big thing off it. This same product is way expensive in entire Europe Middle East and Asia Pacific when compared to the price in India so price is not a barrier for this beauty and people should appreciate this low price by the amazon e-tailers and not crib further No second thoughts Peeps Just go ahead and purchase this beast you will have no regrets.
Mac book Air its simple awesome ......Its easy to carry and light weight.Battery pack up is very very good(16 hours with regular internet browsing)Display is very good.(more than expected for an 1440*900 display)with 8 GB It can run Windows, Os X and Linux simultaneously with parallels with out lag.Its build quality is better than Dell in this price range.The 128gb ssd speeds are too good they reach upto 1400MBPS(Super..).The main problem with this is storage(ONLY 128GB)....but you can buy an external hard disk/micro sdxc cardFor gaming and video editing I wouldn't recommend this product.Its a best option for college students.I bought this laptop at 61,999 RS in flashsale.I recommend this product for every one.
When it comes to Apple, there is class. No product can beat that class even it has more features under its hood and is more expensive. I have been a windows user since my childhood and now I have switched over to IOS and OS X. The laptop is perfect in every sense except few cons which are irrelavent to me. There has been no problem with it. Everything runs as smooth as butter. The internal flash storage boots the system in few seconds compared to windows systems which take few minutes. This laptop is not for heavy gamers and guys who are into 3D designing and HD video editing. It is for people who want portability for their business trips, college projects, travelling or just sit for long hours in a coffee shop. If you are looking for some power packed performance for gaming and 3D designing, I suggest you choose Macbook Pro with retina display. The cons of Mac Book Air is that the it has no retina display which is quite a bummer! And the ram can't be upgraded. Once you buy 4G, then you are stuck with 4GB. So I suggest you to go with 8GB which is future proof. The feel of the typing is way better than other laptops. I can smoothly type without much effort. The trackpad guestures provide even more comfort and productivity to my work. This laptop gives that personal touch to me and I really loved it.
I bought this mac at 59,340 from amazon and its worth it. I am a software developer and this machine is just perfect for me.The i5 processor is really fast , 8gb ram ensures you can run many things at a time. I had 20 chrome tabs opened and almost 25 apps running and still there was no lag at all. Battery life is great, i am getting around 11hrs at a charge . Sound quality is crystal clear with a decent base and gives a surround feeling. The app store is quite supportive with all apps one need and that too free(not all) . Build quality is great and the mac feels light and strong when you hold it, rest all you will realise after using it. Go for it without any doubt.
This is my first apple product and its awesome ! I trust amazon when it comes to online shopping. Runs smooth, the sound oh I am in love. Delivered on time.The storage is on issue but you can always buy an external drive no harm in that also flash drive up to 256gb is available so why waste 20k more on 256 GB? Apple products have got its charm I tell you. Go for it if you are confused and don't worry about if you will be missing out the softwares of windows, apple has a lot better softwares to cater to your needs.above all the best deal.
One of the Finest Laptop under 25k.The only thing I don't like about the laptop is the Edge of the laptop is little bit wider.Best Configuration Laptop and M always a Fan of Lenovo, experience is very good even i am Network Engineer uses for networking and study., battery pack up OK,packing is very good and safety thanks for amazon,,,packaging is very good.I AM VERY HAPPY WITH PRODUCT BECAUSE I HAVE RECEIVED GOOD CONFIGURATION IN LOWEST PRICES .THANK YOU SO MUCH AMAZON FOR THE SAME.
Excellent Product.If you are looking for a budget laptop with a decent configuration then Lenovo G50-80 is the right choice for you. The best thing which i liked about this product was it's battery backup(up to 4 hrs under normal use) and staying cool despite of using for hours. I would suggest for buying it.Good thing is in this laptop is 1tb hard disk,4 GB ram,2.0 ghz processor, 5th generation i3, excellent touch pad,Dolby Sound and very economic.I installed windows 10 and running seamlessly.
Very nice laptop with good reasonable price ...ordered with one day delivery. It was very nicely sealed packed. I got it in Rs 25090 from seller Staples India the very next day of ordering. It comes with DOS so I Installed Win 10 myself and its working very nicely,4 hrs battery backup when power saving enabled . Thank You Amazon and Staples.
I purchased it at 24k with next day delivery option and i received it on time though i expected to get it delivered by afternoon as it was arrived to nearest hub in morning and contacted customer care and they promised to get it delivered as i requested.But didn't receive on requested time. Product is nice and got it discounted rate,This configuration is not available at this price. Warranty also got registered at website. Installing Win-7 and then updated to 10 is working really nice. Drivers were updated automatically on updating with Win-10. Only problem with its weight else is absolutely fine. looks bulky and heavy.
I love this laptop. I installed 256Gb ssd and 4Gb of ram before first boot. It gives 4 hours of battery backup and takes 2 hours to charge. Display is 1368*768 which is definitely not so good, i can clearly see the pixels. But it is just OK..I installed windows 10 on this. Performance is snappy. I never filled lag on this. I have not played any game on this, but don't dare to play games on this because it runs on integrated graphics.
laptop working fine , after installing windows 7 64 bit, only brightness and wifi keys was not working so i called lenovo customer care and they solved problem with taking remote access within 15 mint after downloading drivers which was not on available on lenovo official site....now everything is working finebest laptop in this budgetthank u amezon for delivering laptop in one day......
over all the lappy is too good and the sound is awesome than comparing dell in this price. first day near about 6 hours i used but no heating problem.Nice keyboard, nice touch pad of mouse, screen is superb and its ah led, over all the product is best.Go for it guys.Nice packing by amazon.oNLY M UPSET ABOUT SCREENS EDGES.
After intensive research online on various websites i zeroed on lenovo g50-80 dos based laptop. Main reason was good speed and windows proffesional but, all laptops comes with windows home and some models having windows pro they are simply out of budget.My reccomendation to everyone that dont buy windows laptops intead buy dos based laptops and buy windows seperately with CD.
Order arrived early. Much appreciated amazon. I swear I was having trouble waiting even 2 days. Also the discount. Appreciated. well packed.Laptop is expensive, but I'm so happy. It's just what I needed and wanted.I dont like to dissect a work of art,in short you will be pleased and not even want to get into why its good. It's just a seamless experience.but if you're looking to buy one,I'll elaborate on why I'm digging itInstant start up shut down.Super fast.Great sound, surprised how much bass speakers pack.Display is unmatched on mobile platform.Runs adobe softwares like a breeze.Sketching on my wacom is brilliant.Planning to test few 3d softwares soon, but I'm sure itll do just fine for my purposes, no heavy 3d rendering.Garageband is fun.Browsing was never so smooth.I cant get of pinterest.Binge watching movies and TV shows. Without the charger ofcourse since the battery lasts me the whole day.First time mac user.
This is a generic review intended to help fellow windows users who are upgrading to mac, and is more focussed on the software.If the full review is not visible, then click on the review title to open the full review in a new tab.This is to address all the doubts and misconceptions amongst the windows ‘POWER USERS’ who are skeptical about shifting to mac and OS X, specifically. Read this review once and I bet you would end up with a deep urge to own this beast.for the note - I am a computer science engineering student, making visual effects and graphic designs is my hobby and I may have used almost any power/resource hogging application you can ever think of.
Macbook definitely a power full machine .. Osx was my first experience .. i feel it like a well designed ubuntu..Some time it taking time to shut down.. like in windows..Gaming.. it is not a gaming notebook..(i played gta 4.. not that good)But still i give 5 star... this machine is so cute..powerfull to handle multi programming.display so good for designing.Video editing professionals will definitely like this.. final cut pro works very well.
There is no way I can rate it less than 5 stars!I've been using this beautiful BEAST for the past 4 months now and my review might seem a bit biased and promotional but please take into account that I've used Ubuntu over my HP Pavilion 6121TX (a very powerful machine of it's time) for four years before switching to MBP, so the comparisons that I'll make here, will mostly be between the two experiences.As you would have already noticed, the specs (and price) of this laptop are almost unbeatable and NEVER Hangs: I mean quite literally, it just never goes out of RAM. Add it to the SSD performance, which I'll be addressing in the next point.SSD: At the time of writing this review, I just copied a little over 5GB of data from one part of my computer to another in less than 10seconds.Optimized OS and Long battery life of upto 8-10 hours.Aesthetic Appeal of Apple (I realized how big a deal this was, when I bought this machine, i.e. also my first Apple Product)Retina Display: My previous screen had a semi-HD resolution so this transition has brought to my notice some never before changes in display.Touchpad: The force trackpad is out of this world in both performance and features. Detects even the most lithe movements of your fingers.Wonderful sound quality And the list goes on...
This laptop is worth more than worth the price.Im a long time user of apple products and especially MacBooks.Don't let the price put you off.Just one day spent with this laptop, and all your skepticism is out of the window.-The build quality exudes of a premium finish and feel.-OSX is as powerful as it is secure. And combine that with the hardware under the hood, multi-tasking is a whole new level.To anyone moaning "to get a better windows laptop over this"- for a full-time gamer/tinkerer or someone who isn't a professional, feel free to play with the windows toys..This is not a cheaply plastic made windows commodity that starts falling apart within a year or two of heavy usage. The macbook pro is built to last at least 6 years. And as a long time user i stand by that.-The apple post purchase support is unrivalled. Be it online or in store support. or even the OTA updates for even a 5 year old machine.- The display is just to die for. one look and you will be in awe of the pro retina technology. colours aren't too vivid and neither too warm but just that right balance, textures on photos/videos have good blacks and seem to just pop.-the whole OSX interface is very subtle and always seems to take a backseat, when working with a particular application.This way its.not too loud, but also there at your disposal.-Havent encountered a single bug so far. Literally none-Streamline, is the word that comes to mind once you're in the zone. Elongated use of the laptop doesn't feel like a tiresome task. Instead the built in tools themselves accommodate most of the work and help you boost the rate of work.-speaking of elongated use, the keyboard and the trackpad are truly unparalleled in build quality. they do a stellar job of avoiding any fatigue or wear, to themselves as well as your wrists.-invisible elements like the forced touch trackpad or the spectacular colour scheme management of the pro retina display seem to become second nature. And it is when you use a simple windows laptop that you realise the lack of the afore mentioned features.- Video editing, sound editing, Multi- tab browsing, excel sheets, word documents, powerpoint presentations, compiling code, watching a movie, listening to music; this laptop not just does all the things, but does them all together if needed. And with a lot of class i might add, sans clutter.- combine this laptop with an iPhone or an iPad and a whole new dynamic of information sharing amongst the devices is unlocked.This laptop is not just for a professional but any regular joe or a student who wants a powerful yet seamless multi tasking experience, stability and security and not requiring to update their device every year.I implore you not to look at this laptop as an expensive machine but as a companion for a power user that makes task seem more than comfortable.
Ever your laptop or software vendor gave you rights to upgrade OS for life time (update that ur meachines hardware can handle)??How many times do you shut down your windows system in a month? (Mac users do hardly twice)Might you guys have extra usb ports, optical drive, but usb extension is starting at rs.150 only.And we, upgraded people's don't use optical drive much in these days.How many windows laptops are there with retina display? Even with force touch pad? Ohhh, wid glass track pad? Ohh, with own OS? Ohhh, with FaceTime? Ohh, with own txt message forwarding system on lappy? Or might be metal body ? Ohhh with noise less fans? (Except few thinkpads, nothing has such features).So, If ur game freak (I'm a game freak too) or love to get your bunch of softwares from torrents, plz stick to your so called windows.But after using windows for 6years now I'm mac addicted, barely I will swich over (except for gaming or if budget doesn't permit).Wish I could buy it infuture... And congrats to everyone who has having this model...
